1.001;"The Aig Story";"Location 174";"An apt joke was that other insurance industry CEOs excelled at golf and drinking—but Greenberg was never good at either. He has excelled in the insurance business."
1.002;"The Aig Story";"Location 187";"AIG’s employees made the company’s culture distinctive. There were no employment contracts at AIG and compensation programs were long term, with most payoffs, which could be substantial, deferred until retirement. A large percentage of AIG employees held AIG stock, and most senior executives had virtually their entire net worth in AIG."
1.003;"The Aig Story";"Location 516";"These steps would promote the cardinal principle Greenberg brought to the insurance"
1.004;"The Aig Story";"Location 534";"In the meeting with Starr’s top executives, Greenberg reeled off other reforms he intended to make. At the top of the list was adding substantial reinsurance facilities. This refers to the practice of one insurance company buying policies from other insurance companies to recover part of the losses it suffers under its own policies. In addition to diversifying risk, it is sometimes cheaper to backstop insurance underwriting using reinsurance than to maintain capital to cover the losses, Greenberg explained. American Home needed reinsurance for its existing policies, moreover, simply because it was running out of capital."
1.005;"The Aig Story";"Location 708";"American Home was about to report a substantial profit in 1967. Good news, of course, but also incurring a large tax bill at a time when the company’s capital position still needed strengthening. Fortuitously, right at year-end, Greenberg got a call from Guy Carpenter, another legendary figure in the insurance industry whose name still graces the reinsurance firm he founded. Carpenter, with whom Greenberg developed a productive working relationship, reported an opportunity to acquire Transatlantic Company, which had a loss that, if acquired by year-end, would offset much of American Home’s profit."
1.006;"The Aig Story";"Location 808";"Executives continued to exhibit the traits that Starr prized and Greenberg sought out: fresh-thinking, self-reliant individuals prepared to make necessary changes and to be creative."
1.007;"The Aig Story";"Location 1123";"There was no single trait that Greenberg looked for but these employees tended to fit a model type that he called the “white blackbird.”1 These were individuals with an entrepreneurial conviction and a unique tenacity to forge profitable change. At work, they pioneered the development of desirable products in a demanding environment that was based on innovation, political astuteness, market awareness and technical discipline. This entrepreneurial spirit would define AIG’s culture."
1.008;"The Aig Story";"Location 1173";"People appreciated that insurance was a service that could not be patented, requiring constant invention, swift product introduction, and promotion, endlessly repeated. Creativity was ignited by paying close attention to trends and pockets of hazards where insurance was needed."
1.009;"The Aig Story";"Location 1232";"Greenberg demonstrated passion and a belief that presence meant something. He set an example of being there, never “mailing it in,” so employees got the message that they could not mail it in either."
1.01;"The Aig Story";"Location 1254";"Like Dupperault, at least a dozen AIG executives went on to serve as CEOs of other major insurance companies. Given its size measured by employee numbers, that yield put AIG among the leading progenitors of CEOs in corporate America, rivaling the likes of larger companies such as General Electric and IBM.14 AIG alumni who became CEOs elsewhere include two of Greenberg’s sons, Jeffrey and Evan, who became CEO at Marsh & McLennan and ACE, respectively."
1.011;"The Aig Story";"Location 1653";"AIG executives habitually tried to anticipate world events and prepare to respond to them. Roberts tried to imagine what would happen if and when the Cold War ended. With this quest to “look around corners,” Roberts supervised a team of young colleagues to develop new business in eastern Europe, behind the Iron Curtain."
2.001;"On the Brink: How a Crisis Transformed Lloyd's of London";"Location 343";"Underwriters were open to persuasion to look at something new or in a new way, often citing the old maxim: ‘There’s no such thing as a bad risk, only a bad rate.’"
2.002;"On the Brink: How a Crisis Transformed Lloyd's of London";"Location 456";"Outside Lloyd’s, Names were often inaccurately described as investors. Each was a ‘sole trader’, carrying on the business of insurance. All sole traders have unlimited liability; it"
2.003;"On the Brink: How a Crisis Transformed Lloyd's of London";"Location 501";"You could inherit liabilities written long before you joined. They could follow you to the grave and beyond. Few Lloyd’s members – even insiders – understood just how unending and lethal these could be. Unlike a shareholder in a conventional company, the new member’s liability was unlimited: everything he or she owned was now at risk. People"
2.004;"On the Brink: How a Crisis Transformed Lloyd's of London";"Location 1750";"Disagreeing with the ALM’s approach, Benyon set up the more militant Society of Names in July 1991, publishing his own newsletter, The SoN, which later became The Insider. This played an important role in the propaganda war over the next four years."
4.001;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 100";"the three Cs central to any good strategy: the company’s costs, especially costs relative to other companies; the definition of the markets the company served—its customers, in other words—and its position vis à vis competitors."
4.002;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 131";"This book will argue their case, warts, major moral disfigurements, and all. As far as I know, the volume in your hands represents the first book-length treatment of the strategy revolution. Know what it aims to be and what not. It’s an exercise in journalism more than scholarship, albeit what I think of as the journalism of ideas."
4.003;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 183";"Henderson was also a pioneer in that he looked at the challenges facing his clients as mysteries to be solved, usually through massive and creative data gathering, then fitting the data to a framework, or supplying such a framework, to explain it."
4.004;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 605";"The experience curve was, simply, the single most important concept in launching the strategy revolution."
4.005;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 695";"Up until the 1980s at least, most of the clients of BCG and the other strategy consulting firms were industrial companies. The story of the strategy revolution is thus, in some considerable measure, about how these enterprises sought ideas from the consultants and others to help them stem what turned out to be an inexorable decline."
4.006;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 829";"Note, though, that none of these criticisms dispute the curve’s existence or call into question its power to discipline a company’s thinking around the imperative to cut costs incessantly. Its forcefulness and menace endure into the twenty-first century, as a senior partner of a strategy firm observes: “The experience curve is like what Newton discovered with the law of gravity. It’s a fundamental law of nature. People disobey it at their peril.”"
4.007;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 1418";"The product of Bain’s efforts was to be not a report or a study—the firm’s consultants still drip with disdain at the mention of such things—but rather a strategy and, even more important, results—results that you could see first on the bottom line, then in the stock price. Fairly quickly, this value proposition was boiled down to a snappy formulation: “We don’t sell advice by the hour; we sell profits at a discount.”"
4.008;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 1626";"McKinsey espouses and, at its best, puts into practice a principle it calls the democracy of ideas. The notion, to be commended to any company dependent on the bright minds of its people—which by the middle of the twenty-first century, will be every company—is that an idea or insight should be judged on its content, not on the seniority of its source, or lack thereof. Sounds like motherhood and apple pie, but fiendishly difficult to make work, in part because mother and father seem to hard-wire a degree of hierarchicalism into our human natures. Fred"
4.009;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2064";"That led to the generic strategies,” the subject of his chapter 2 and the other big idea that the book became famous for. There were essentially three strategies a company could choose, he posited: low-cost leadership (beloved of fans of the experience curve), product differentiation (making your offering so distinctive that you could charge more for it), or market specialization (pick a niche and dominate it)."
4.01;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2077";"For all the niggles one may have with it, Competitive Strategy did more than any other book to consolidate the advances of the strategy revolution, bring scholarly respectability to its subject matter, and brand the paradigm as one that needed to be at the center of both corporate deliberation and business school education."
4.011;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2301";"Peters and Waterman would each return again and again to the centrality of people to a company’s success—employees as the source of innovation, well-executed service, and continued corporate learning, customers as people whose wishes must be understood, honored, and if possible exceeded."
4.012;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2454";"What we would be looking for in an alternative to the strategy model—a unified theory of management, if you will—would be a construct addressing each of the issues a company faces in dealing with people: how they were to be selected, trained, disciplined, compensated, motivated, managed, and led (if you admit a distinction between the last two). The unified theory would demonstrate how each of these elements related to one another, in ways that could be both predicted and controlled, how they could be measured, and how their combined effect determined the fate of the organization, preferably in dollar-and-cents terms that would satisfy the most exacting chief financial officer. In the world of this paradigm’s triumph, no CEO would dream of standing before an audience without a detailed explanation of how his or her company was exploiting the principles of the unified theory to achieve competitive success."
4.013;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2528";"This takes us to perhaps the most common, thoroughly understandable mistake made by readers of management literature: they fall for what I call the myth of corporate persistence."
4.014;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2560";"As Foster notes, of the five hundred companies on the original S&P 500 in 1957, only seventy-four survived on the list until 1998—most who disappeared were merged out of existence, not victims of bankruptcy—and the stocks of only twelve outperformed the S&P index itself over that period. Foster in particular bangs away at the point: “McKinsey’s long-term studies of corporate birth, survival, and death in America clearly show that the corporate equivalent of El Dorado, the golden company that continually performs better than the markets, has never existed. It is a myth. Managing for survival, even among the best and most revered corporations, does not guarantee strong long-term performance for shareholders. In fact, just the opposite is true. In the long run, markets always win.”"
4.015;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2574";"In 2005, in their best-seller Blue Ocean Strategy, INSEAD professors W. Chan Kim and Renée Mauborgne argued that companies were better served trying to invent new markets (“the blue ocean”) rather than fighting it out on seas already beset and bleeding with established competitors (“the red ocean”). Their research on successful blue-ocean moves took them through the work of Foster and others and led them to conclude, with wonderful audacity, that if “there is no perpetually high-performing company and if the same company can be brilliant one moment and wrongheaded at another, it appears that the company is not the appropriate unit of analysis in exploring the roots of high performance and blue oceans.” The unit of analysis that they recommended"
4.016;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2592";"“I desperately believe that virtually all the behavior of an enterprise is a pretty much direct inheritance of its gene pool. Whatever it was, it will stay. Microsoft is a centralized, personality-driven company, and that’s what it will always be. Many of the companies we looked at—Hewlett-Packard, 3M—were decentralized from the start”—all the better for “loose-tight properties” and “autonomy and entrepreneurship.”"
4.017;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2599";"Foster’s first book, in 1986, was Innovation: The Attacker’s Advantage. By the time he coauthored Creative Destruction, he was even clearer on the chief impediment to innovation or adaptation: what he called “cultural lock-in.” Such lock-in, embodied in a company’s “rules of thumb for decision making, its control processes, and the information it used for decision making,” kept it from recognizing changes in its environment, left it unable to “shed operations with a less-exciting future,” and ultimately signaled “the corporation’s inexorable decline into inferior performance.”"
4.018;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2637";"After a little more back-and-forth, the final estimate would emerge: fewer than 10 percent of their clients, in the consultants’ judgment, were fully successful at putting their corporate strategies to work. But that wasn’t the element of the"
4.019;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2724";"What I took from that conversation was that what a counselor actually did was help the client understand their own issues and work out their own solutions. The counselor was a facilitator, a structurer of the problem, a prober of questions, but never provided the answer. That was up to the client.” Aha, thought Hall."
4.02;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2785";"In its ideal form, Hall’s new model of consulting would take an iterative, semi-Socratic dynamic all the way through the project to what might seem its conclusion. There, he put in place another radical innovation, one totally consistent with his philosophy: when the results of the study jointly performed by BCG and the client team were finally presented to senior management or the board, Hall insisted that the presentation be conducted entirely by the client’s people (even if the consultants might have written much of it)."
4.021;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2813";"The experience curve in particular needed reexamination. To their surprise, consultants were also discovering that there appeared to be industries for which low cost was no guarantee of competitive advantage. Enter the possibilities for differentiation."
4.022;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2848";"The explanation turned out to be another variation on scale economies, namely, that in certain industries, no economies were to be gained beyond a certain minimum efficient scale, which could be embodied in, say, a single machine."
4.023;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2864";"The original, unitary paradigm of strategy, built on the nexus of costs as determined by experience and market share, turned out to obtain in some industries, but not in all. In those where it didn’t, participants would have to seek new sources of competitive advantage."
4.024;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2887";"The growth-share matrix, which Lochridge had helped perfect, had made a “major contribution to strategic thought,” but had become “misused and overexposed”—read “commoditized”—sometimes still useful but also"
4.025;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2909";"“McKinsey was always interested in helping our clients figure out ways they could raise prices. I’m not sure that BCG, with its focus on costs, had the same emphasis.”"
4.026;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2911";"Cavanagh’s observation raises a distinction, or more precisely a pull between two directions, that we’ll see in the evolution of strategy from the 1980s on. On the one hand was the imperative to cut costs now and forever—an imperative born of the experience curve. On the other was the tantalizing prospect of somehow “creating value” for the customer, developing an offering that because of its novelty, special features, or appeal, can command a higher price than the commodity version. Some aspect of creating value lies at the heart of any strategy based on differentiation or specialization. But can’t a company"
4.027;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 2989";"Competitive Advantage, far more than Porter’s earlier book, Competitive Strategy, represents a compendium almost breathtaking in its reach of the best thinking on strategy up until then, as well as a brilliant anticipation of many of the issues that would engage and challenge practitioners in the decades that followed. It provides the intellectual template for the age of breaking the world into pieces. Just by putting the notion"
4.028;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 3056";"This school of thought sees shareholder capitalism as short-sighted, smacking of greed, and in the end unrealistic in that it fails to take into account other constituencies or—the preferred term—stakeholders that a corporation’s actions necessarily touch, namely, the company’s employees, customers, suppliers, and home communities."
4.029;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 3198";"The goal for corporate managers had become clear—to increase the value of the company, as reflected in its stock price—and fast."
4.03;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 3212";"Their third, and perhaps most eye-catching point was their explication of the idea that while some of a company’s businesses served to increase its stock price, others might actually be dragging the price down, or, in the ominous phrase the consultants used, “destroying value.” This alarming possibility derived from finance theory, specifically from the concepts of economic profits or residual income. Boiled down, the assertion was that to arrive at a true estimate of a business’s profitability, you had to deduct from its revenues not just the usual costs, but also a charge for the capital tied up in the business."
4.031;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 3225";"No, the consultants counseled, sell off the turkeys and you may see something of a miracle: even as your company grows smaller, as measured by its revenues, your stock price will increase. In the businesses you retain, to further boost your stock price—and the fourth of the value consultants’ innovative emphases—tie managers’ compensation explicitly to how much economic profit their operations generate and to increases in that profit."
4.032;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 3255";"There is a theory—Canadian scholar Danny Miller lays it out nicely in a 1991 book, The Icarus Paradox—that when companies truly get into the deepest trouble, it’s usually not because of their weaknesses but rather because of their strengths. Or more specifically, it’s because they tend to overdo the very energies, inclinations, and expertise that brought them success. Think of Enron and its manic quest to introduce markets, deal making, and new financial instruments to one sector of the energy business after another."
4.033;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 3373";"Probably the most memorable lines from the article came in a quote from the head of another consulting firm: “Their product is brilliant. It’s the package that has been a problem. Five million Bainies saying, ‘Stand aside, asshole. Here we come.’” And if the"
4.034;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 3427";"strategy that was holistic—from conception through implementation—aggressive, elitist, slightly paranoid, and, to use its own favorite descriptor, ravenously results-oriented. The firm was without equal in teaching its clients the principles of Greater Taylorism and its uses. With Bain’s help, many of those clients achieved spectacular results, often reflected in the wealth they created for shareholders. And yet, the client relationship frequently didn’t endure—Bain has some clients of many years standing, but not as many as does McKinsey or BCG—and in their wake, Bain consultants often left behind festering resentments, a sense that the company had been taken over by an alien force (which strategy can be). By many measures,"
4.035;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 3454";"In a speech from late in the 1990s, George Stalk Jr., arguably BCG’s leading thinker on strategy over the prior fifteen years—and certainly the firm’s most prolific—neatly summed up the main themes of the era, in the process making clear how far his firm had traveled from original Hendersonianism: “In this new environment, the essence of strategy is not the structure of a company’s position in products and markets, but the dynamics of its behaviors. The goal is to identify and develop the hard-to-imitate organizational capabilities that distinguish a company from its competitors. A capability is a set of business processes, strategically understood.”"
4.036;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 3639";"The aim of strategy should be to “create tomorrow’s competitive advantages faster than competitors mimic the ones you possess today.” The secret to doing this lies in the corporation’s skills and its ability to acquire new ones—“learning,” in other words—which the authors describe as “the most defensible competitive advantage of all.”"
4.037;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 3651";"A core competence is “communication, involvement, and a deep commitment to working across organizational boundaries.”"
4.038;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 3820";"Operational effectiveness thus boiled down, for Porter, to pretty much performing the same activities as your competitors, but more efficiently than they do. In contrast—drumroll here—“Strategic positioning means performing different activities from rivals’ or performing similar activities in different ways.”"
4.039;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 3841";"Porter’s lead example of fit done right—indeed, in this era, seemingly everyone’s favorite example of fit or what others called focus—was Southwest Airlines. In pursuit of its fly-cheap strategy, it had confronted the trade-offs, made the choices, and achieved the fit: only short flights, no meal service or link-ups with other airlines, only one type of aircraft for shorter turnarounds and more time in the"
4.04;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 3985";"McKinsey, if asked how much of its business comes under that heading, will usually shrug gracefully and say “Perhaps thirty percent.” Slightly keener-eyed estimates from insiders put the figure for each of three firms at between fifteen and twenty percent. None of the three resemble what a security analyst might call a pure-play strategy consultant. That beast no longer exists, or if it does, it is the size of an insect and can escape our notice."
4.041;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4340";"Fastening on people as the critical resource for innovation and growth is the first of three ways of conceiving of strategy as centered on people we’ll look at in this chapter."
4.042;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4342";"The second version of strategy as people consists of attempts to use the concept of the network to analyze ways in which individuals relate to one another, this as a stepping-stone to competitive advantage. The third version may seem the most surprising: private equity, and what private equity firms do with the businesses they acquire, as a kind of apotheosis of strategy. The"
4.043;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4429";"Hamel offered nine “routes to industry revolution,” gambits such as “radically improving the value equation,” “compressing the supply chain,” and “driving convergence.” But the main thrust of the article and the ensuing book was that strategy-making must be made democratic. Companies should seek out revolutionaries from among their twenty-five-year olds, from people serving on the corporate periphery far from headquarters, and from newcomers “who have not yet been co-opted by an industry’s dogmas … What senior executives must not do is ask a small, elite group or the ‘substitute brains’ of a traditional strategy-consulting firm to go away and plot the company’s future.” Indeed, in the heaven he painted, every company would constitute a democracy of ideas (as McKinsey in its best moments aspired to be)."
4.044;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4456";"Evans is the only thinker I’ve encountered who talks about the ontology of strategy (the philosophy of being it’s premised on) and its epistemology (its theory of the nature of knowledge, in this instance, the knowledge of how to achieve competitive advantage). “Porter took a lens from structuralist economics, but he applied it to, quote unquote, an industry,” Evans argues. “What’s an industry? A small number of largely similar organizations, internally collaborative, externally competitive, that connect to each other through the mechanism of a competitive market, and connect upstream to suppliers, downstream to customers."
4.045;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4462";"But strategy evolved. “When capabilities came along,” Evans argues, “that changed the epistemology—it said, ‘No, competitive advantage is not identification of structural differences; it’s the identification of capabilities.’ But the ontology stayed exactly the same—companies competing with one another in an industry.” Perhaps not forever, though. “The deconstruction logic challenges the ontology,” argues Evans. “It says, ‘Wait a second. Who says there’s this thing called “the business,” or “the company,” or “the industry”?’” He then cites a soon-to-be former industry in which he did a lot of consulting: “What’s the media industry, anymore? Blogs? Who are the customers, who are the suppliers? If customers start talking to one another, who’s supplying whom?”"
4.046;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4469";"The generation of strategic thinking we’re now entering challenges the earlier ontological assumptions. It says that the only irreducible unit in this picture is the person—the customer, worker, or executive. It says that people engage in transactions, broadly defined, that may be competitive, or may be cooperative, but what emerges is a network. As technology drives down the costs of transactions, breaking the constraints of distance or of institutions, those networks become more fluid.”"
4.047;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4794";"Strategists had been incorporating risk into their calculations as far back as Alan Zakon’s work for Weyerhaeuser, when he showed that because the timber company had relatively low operating risk, it could take on more of the financial variety—that is, borrow more. But with the passage of time, the advisers’ concern with risk had been subordinated to other themes or consigned to particular projects, say, the decision about whether a mining or oil company should make a colossal investment to try to discover new reserves. Here there were relatively clear decision trees that could be followed down to weigh choices, and the possibility of applying options theory. But elsewhere, even as Y2K fears and then the September 11 attacks piqued corporate interest in risk management, the consultants had mostly left the subject to others, often to the client’s “chief risk officer,” himself or herself usually a subordinate of the CFO and not typically a member of the client’s inner councils on strategy. Asked to name sins of omission or commission they may have committed in connection with the global financial crisis, most consultants will allow that in their advice they failed to make sufficient provision for risk, particularly systemic risk. Their analytics, like those of the quants, had done such a wonderful job of chopping the world into small, measurable pieces that they could not foresee how the bits, with the risk inherent in each supposedly mitigated by distribution across a wide population of owners and operators, could suddenly seize up together into a nonworking, credit-frozen-up, risk-all-concentrated-in-the-same-damn-spots whole. “We didn’t see the danger of systemic risk,” admits one senior consultant, “but then, nobody did”—only a slight exaggeration. Part of the reason"
4.048;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4865";"forecasts about the future? The old concepts and frameworks don’t seem to make sense of the river of data pouring in on us. What good are a bunch of plans that just end up in binders sitting on the shelf? Isn’t execution, after all, what really gives you a competitive edge? Of more interest were"
4.049;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4877";"strategy will necessarily become more adaptive. But then, as we have witnessed, hasn’t strategy always been adaptive, a set of conceptual responses to the most vexing problems companies were facing at the time? What’s new here?"
4.05;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4898";"history suggests four issues in particular that will press on the strategic consciousness of companies, whether that consciousness is centralized or more widely distributed: risk, boundaries, corporate purpose, and, as the apostles of the new adaptiveness suggest, figuring out for the twenty-first century how to power a company’s strategy with the maximum energy and imagination available from its people."
4.051;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4902";"Frequently, this has translated into prescriptions for the use of debt, usually more debt. As the recent turmoil in the world’s financial markets brings home, calculations of risk need to be constantly reexamined as the global economy evolves, and disturbing new possibilities somehow taken into account. And not just financial risk. Economic collapse in countries far away, Internet bubbles that pop, terrorist threats to ever-tighter, leaned-down supply chains—how can the people in charge make provision for these in the corporate strategies they devise? At the heart"
4.052;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4923";"The twenty-first-century version of the discipline will have to offer more help if, or when, the dominant verb for corporate behavior becomes not compete, but something like co-create."
4.053;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4930";"The global financial crisis only added to the ranks of those questioning the maximization of shareholder wealth as the be-all and end-all of corporate activity. In March 2009, Jack Welch—of all people—told the Financial Times that “on the face of it, shareholder value is the dumbest idea in the world.” The man once viewed as the poster CEO for value creation went on to explain: “Shareholder value is a result, not a strategy,” and, more surprisingly, “Your main constituencies are your employees, your customers, and your products.”"
4.054;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4939";"So, if the yardstick of shareholder value is to be abandoned as the principal measure of strategic success, what should a company be managed for? “Stability and growth,” Foster says,"
4.055;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4961";"Are we now, as a society—or a number of societies all inhabiting a capitalist world—ready to rethink our reliance on market mechanisms to produce the larger good? Are we prepared to sacrifice a degree of corporate profitability if that were to bring with it lessened extremes of wealth and poverty? What would be the right way to think about the goals of a corporation if the superordinate goal were not to maximize the wealth of its owners, the shareholders? And would an accounting that somehow, finally, accurately reflected all the ways employees contribute to corporate success make for organizations less inclined to chew up people? These are questions with enormous implications for strategy, but not ones that strategists have shown much willingness to engage. They have"
4.056;"Lords of Strategy: The Secret Intellectual History of the New Corporate World";"Location 4993";"The result is to create many of the features that one would hope for in a twenty-first-century enterprise: organizational due process that leaves most people feeling that they have been treated fairly. Democratic meritocracy open to talent from around the world. (Who among business outfits does globalization better?) A system of self-management that works even for people who adamantly don’t want to be managed, never wanted a boss."
5.001;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 133";"The revolutionary idea that defines the boundary between modern times and the past is the mastery of risk: the notion that the future is more than a whim of the gods and that men and women are not passive before nature."
5.002;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 137";"This book tells the story of a group of thinkers whose remarkable vision revealed how to put the future at the service of the present. By showing the world how to understand risk, measure it, and weigh its consequences, they converted risk-taking into one of the prime catalysts that drives modern Western society."
5.003;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 146";"The ability to define what may happen in the future and to choose among alternatives lies at the heart of contemporary societies."
5.004;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 216";"All the tools we use today in risk management and in the analysis of decisions and choice, from the strict rationality of game theory to the challenges of chaos theory, stem from the developments that took place between 1654 and 1760, with only two exceptions:"
5.005;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 246";"Our lives teem with numbers, but we sometimes forget that numbers are only tools. They have no soul; they may indeed become fetishes. Many of our most critical decisions are made by computers, contraptions that devour numbers like voracious monsters and insist on being nourished with ever-greater quantities of digits to crunch, digest, and spew back."
5.006;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 503";"The successful business executive is a forecaster first; purchasing, producing, marketing, pricing, and organizing all follow."
5.007;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 1039";"Probability has always carried this double meaning, one looking into the future, the other interpreting the past, one concerned with our opinions, the other concerned with what we actually know. The distinction will appear repeatedly throughout this book. In the first sense, probability means the degree of belief or approvability of an opinion—the gut view of probability. Scholars use the term “epistemological” to convey this meaning; epistemological refers to the limits of human knowledge not fully analyzable. This first concept of probability is much"
5.008;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 1500";"Pascal explained that belief in God is not a decision. You cannot awaken one morning and declare, “Today I think I will decide to believe in God.” You believe or you do not believe. The decision, therefore, is whether to choose to act in a manner that will lead to believing in God, like living with pious people and following a life of “holy water and sacraments.” The person who follows these precepts is wagering that God is. The person who cannot be bothered with that kind of thing is wagering that God is not. The only"
5.009;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 2273";"Once Bernoulli has established his basic thesis that people ascribe different values to risk, he introduces a pivotal idea: “[The] utility resulting from any small increase in wealth will be inversely proportionate to the quantity of goods previously possessed.” Then he observes, “Considering the nature of man, it seems to me that the foregoing hypothesis is apt to be valid for many people to whom this sort of comparison can be applied.” The hypothesis that utility is inversely related to the quantity of goods previously possessed is one of the great intellectual leaps in the history of ideas."
5.01;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 2284";"For the first time in history Bernoulli is applying measurement to something that cannot be counted. He has acted as go-between in the wedding of intuition and measurement. Cardano, Pascal, and Fermat provided a method for figuring the risks in each throw of the dice, but Bernoulli introduces us to the risk-taker—the player who chooses how much to bet or whether to bet at all. While probability theory sets up the choices, Bernoulli defines the motivations of the person who does the choosing. This is an entirely new area of study and body of theory. Bernoulli laid the intellectual groundwork for much of what was to follow, not just in economics, but in theories about how people make decisions and choices in every aspect of life."
5.011;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 2403";"The logical consequence of Bernoulli’s insight leads to a new and powerful intuition about taking risk. If the satisfaction to be derived from each successive increase in wealth is smaller than the satisfaction derived from the previous increase in wealth, then the disutility caused by a loss will always exceed the positive utility provided by a gain of equal size."
5.012;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 2626";"Jacob Bernoulli unwittingly defined the agenda for the remainder of this book. From this point forward, the debate over managing risk will converge on the uses of his three requisite assumptions—full information, independent trials, and the relevance of quantitative valuation."
5.013;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 2650";"All the law tells us is that the average of a large number of throws will be more likely than the average of a small number of throws to differ from the true average by less than some stated amount."
5.014;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 2668";"“Probability,” he declares, “is degree of certainty and differs from absolute certainty as the part differs from the whole.”"
5.015;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 2778";"One hundred percent perfection is a practical impossibility in most instances—the world as we know it seems to have an incurable habit of denying us perfection. Suppose the manager"
5.016;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 2872";"This procedure of revising inferences about old information as new information arrives springs from a philosophical viewpoint that makes Bayes’s contribution strikingly modern: in a dynamic world, there is no single answer under conditions of uncertainty. The mathematician A.F.M. Smith has summed it up well: “Any approach to scientific inference which seeks to legitimise an answer in response to complex uncertainty is, for me, a totalitarian parody of a would-be rational learning process.”"
5.017;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 6281";"Behavioral finance analyzes how investors struggle to find their way through the give and take between risk and return, one moment engaging in cool calculation and the next yielding to emotional impulses. The result of this mixture between the rational and not-so-rational is a capital market that itself fails to perform consistently in the way that the theoretical models predict that it will perform. Meir Statman, a professor"
5.018;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 6392";"As an example of Prospect Theory, Thaler and DeBondt demonstrated that, when new information arrives, investors revise their beliefs, not according to the objective methods set forth by Bayes, but by overweighting the new information and underweighting prior and longer-term information."
5.019;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 7184";"As we look ahead toward the new millennium, what are the prospects that we can finish that job, that we can hope to bring more risks under control and make progress at the same time? The answer must focus on Leibniz’s admonition of 1703, which is as pertinent today as it was when he sent it off to Jacob Bernoulli: “Nature has established patterns originating in the return of events, but only for the most part.” As I pointed out in the Introduction, that qualification is the key to the whole"
5.02;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 7321";"Nothing is more soothing or more persuasive than the computer screen, with its imposing arrays of numbers, glowing colors, and elegantly structured graphs. As we stare at the passing show, we become so absorbed that we tend to forget that the computer only answers questions; it does not ask them. Whenever we ignore that truth, the computer supports us in our conceptual errors. Those who live only by the numbers may find that the computer has simply replaced the oracles to whom people resorted in ancient times for guidance in risk management and decision-making."
5.021;"Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk";"Location 7331";"The central theme of this whole story is that the quantitative achievements of the heroes we have met shaped the trajectory of progress over the past 450 years. In engineering, medicine, science, finance, business, and"
7.001;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 54";"To succeed consistently, good managers need to be skilled not just in assessing people but also in assessing the abilities and disabilities of their organization as a whole."
7.002;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 55";"This article offers managers a framework to help them understand what their organizations are capable of accomplishing. It will show them how their company’s disabilities become more sharply defined even as its core capabilities grow. It will"
7.003;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 58";"And it will offer some bottom-line advice that runs counter to much that’s assumed in our can-do business culture: if an organization faces major change—a disruptive innovation, perhaps—the worst possible approach may be to make drastic adjustments to the existing organization. In trying to transform an enterprise, managers can destroy the very capabilities that sustain it. Before rushing"
7.004;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 65";"Our research suggests that three factors affect what an organization can and cannot do: its resources, its processes, and its values."
7.005;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 95";"processes, we mean the patterns of interaction, coordination, communication, and decision making employees use to transform resources into products and services of greater worth."
7.006;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 113";"We define an organization’s values as the standards by which employees set priorities that enable them to judge whether an order is attractive or unattractive, whether a customer is more important or less important, whether an idea for a new product is attractive or marginal, and so"
7.007;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 119";"A key metric of good management, in fact, is whether such clear, consistent values have permeated the organization."
7.008;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 224";"Sustaining innovations are nearly always developed and introduced by established industry leaders. But those same companies never introduce—or cope well with—disruptive innovations. Why? Our resources-processes-values framework holds the answer. Industry leaders are organized to develop and introduce sustaining technologies."
7.009;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 242";"So whether addressing sustaining or disruptive innovations, when an organization needs new processes and values—because it needs new capabilities—managers must create a new organizational space where those capabilities can be developed. There are three possible ways to do that. Managers can • create new organizational structures within corporate boundaries in which new processes can be developed, • spin out an independent organization from the existing organization and develop within it the new processes and values required to solve the new problem, • acquire a different organization whose processes and values closely match the requirements of the new task. Creating new"
7.01;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 357";"Managers whose organizations are confronting change must first determine whether they have the resources required to succeed. They then need to ask a separate question: Does the organization have the processes and values it needs to succeed in this new situation? Asking this second question is not as instinctive for most managers because the processes by which work is done and the values by which employees make their decisions have served them well in the past."
7.011;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 366";"The reason that innovation often seems to be so difficult for established companies is that they employ highly capable people and then set them to work within organizational structures whose processes and values weren’t designed for the task at hand. Ensuring that capable people are ensconced in capable organizations is a major responsibility of management in a transformational age such as ours."
7.012;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 422";"This article lays out the characteristics and practices of these statistical masters and describes some of the very substantial changes other companies must undergo in order to compete on quantitative turf."
7.013;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 718";"The only way to discover your strengths is through feedback analysis. Whenever you make a key decision or take a key action, write down what you expect will happen. Nine or 12 months later, compare the actual results with your expectations."
7.014;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 730";"Several implications for action follow from feedback analysis. First and foremost, concentrate on your strengths. Put yourself where your strengths can produce results. Second, work on improving your strengths."
7.015;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 733";"Third, discover where your intellectual arrogance is causing disabling ignorance and overcome"
7.016;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 758";"To accurately identify your strengths, use feedback analysis. Every time you make a key decision, write down the outcome you expect. Several months later, compare the actual results with your expected results. Look for patterns in what you’re seeing:"
7.017;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 780";"Manners—simple things like saying “please” and “thank you” and knowing a person’s name or asking after her family—enable two people to work together whether they like each other or"
7.018;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 785";"One should waste as little effort as possible on improving areas of low competence. It takes far more energy and work to improve from incompetence to mediocrity than it takes to improve from first-rate performance to excellence. And yet most people—especially most teachers and most"
7.019;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 852";"The conclusion bears repeating: Do not try to change yourself—you are unlikely to succeed. But work hard to improve the way you perform. And try not to take on work you cannot perform or will only perform poorly."
7.02;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 922";"Knowledge workers in particular have to learn to ask a question that has not been asked before: What should my contribution be? To answer it, they must address three distinct elements: What does the situation require? Given my strengths, my way of performing, and my values, how can I make the greatest contribution to what needs to be done? And finally, What results have to be achieved to make a difference? Consider the"
7.021;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 930";"it is rarely possible—or even particularly fruitful—to look too far ahead. A plan can usually cover no more than 18 months and still be reasonably clear and specific. So the question in most cases should be, Where and how can I achieve results that will make a difference within the next year and a half? The answer must balance several"
7.022;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 1024";"prayer has it. The only mobility was downward mobility. In a knowledge society, however, we expect everyone to be a success. This is clearly an impossibility. For a great many people, there is at best an absence of failure. Wherever there is success, there"
7.023;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 1044";"have found, however, that the most effective leaders are alike in one crucial way: They all have a high degree of what has come to be known as emotional intelligence. It’s not that IQ and technical skills are irrelevant."
7.024;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 1081";"When I analyzed all this data, I found dramatic results. To be sure, intellect was a driver of outstanding performance. Cognitive skills such as big-picture thinking and long-term vision were particularly important. But when I calculated the ratio of technical skills, IQ, and emotional intelligence as ingredients of excellent performance, emotional intelligence proved to be twice as important as the others for jobs at all levels. Moreover, my analysis showed that"
7.025;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 1310";"a component of emotional intelligence, social skill is not as simple as it sounds. It’s not just a matter of friendliness, although people with high levels of social skill are rarely mean-spirited. Social skill, rather, is friendliness with a purpose: moving people in the direction you desire, whether that’s agreement on a new marketing strategy or enthusiasm about a new product."
7.026;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 2461";"How to ensure continued growth for your company? Concentrate on meeting customers’ needs rather than selling products. Chemical powerhouse DuPont kept a"
7.027;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 2540";"The history of every dead and dying “growth” industry shows a self-deceiving cycle of bountiful expansion and undetected decay. There are four conditions that usually guarantee this cycle: 1. The belief that growth is assured by an expanding and more affluent population; 2. The belief that there is no competitive substitute for the industry’s major product; 3. Too much faith in mass production and in the advantages of rapidly declining unit costs as output rises; 4. Preoccupation with a product that lends itself to carefully controlled scientific experimentation, improvement, and manufacturing cost reduction. I should"
7.028;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 2687";"Henry Ford. In a sense, Ford was both the most brilliant and the most senseless marketer in American history. He was senseless because he refused to give the customer anything but a black car. He was brilliant because he fashioned a production system designed to fit market needs. We habitually celebrate him for the wrong reason: for his production genius. His real genius was marketing. We think he was able to cut his selling price and therefore sell millions of $500 cars because his invention of the assembly line had reduced the costs. Actually, he invented the assembly line because he had concluded that at $500 he could sell millions of cars. Mass production was the result, not the cause, of his low prices."
7.029;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 2694";"Our policy is to reduce the price, extend the operations, and improve the article. You will notice that the reduction of price comes first. We have never considered any costs as fixed. Therefore we first reduce the price to the point where we believe more sales will result. Then we go ahead and try to make the prices. We do not bother about the costs. The new price forces the costs down. The"
7.03;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 2830";"The view that an industry is a customer-satisfying process, not a goods-producing process, is vital for all businesspeople to understand."
7.031;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 2831";"An industry begins with the customer and his or her needs, not with a patent, a raw material, or a selling skill."
7.032;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 2832";"Given the customer’s needs, the industry develops backwards, first concerning itself with the physical delivery of customer satisfactions. Then it moves back further to creating the things by which these satisfactions are in part achieved."
7.033;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 2910";"Operational effectiveness and strategy are both essential to superior performance, which, after all, is the primary goal of any enterprise. But they work in very different ways."
7.034;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 2938";"Strategic positioning attempts to achieve sustainable competitive advantage by preserving what is distinctive about a company. It means performing different activities from rivals, or performing similar activities in different ways."
7.035;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 3000";"As rivals imitate one another’s improvements in quality, cycle times, or supplier partnerships, strategies converge and competition becomes a series of races down identical paths that no one can win. Competition based on operational effectiveness alone is mutually destructive, leading to wars of attrition that can be arrested only by limiting competition."
7.036;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 3160";"Having defined positioning, we can now begin to answer the question, “What is strategy?” Strategy is the creation of a unique and valuable position, involving a different set of activities. If there were only one ideal position, there would be no need for strategy. Companies would face a simple imperative—win"
7.037;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 3231";"As we return to the question, What is strategy? we see that trade-offs add a new dimension to the answer. Strategy is making trade-offs in competing. The essence of strategy is choosing what not to do. Without trade-offs, there would be no need for choice and thus no need for strategy. Any good idea could and would be quickly imitated. Again, performance would once again depend wholly on operational effectiveness."
7.038;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 3334";"One implication is that strategic positions should have a horizon of a decade or more, not of a single planning cycle. Continuity fosters improvements in individual activities and the fit across activities, allowing an organization to build unique capabilities and skills tailored to its strategy. Continuity also reinforces a company’s identity."
7.039;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 3340";"What is strategy? We can now complete the answer to this question. Strategy is creating fit among a company’s activities. The success of a strategy depends on doing many things well—not just a few—and integrating among them. If there is no fit among activities, there is no distinctive strategy and little sustainability."
7.04;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 3372";"The pursuit of operational effectiveness is seductive because it is concrete and actionable. Over the past decade, managers have been under increasing pressure to deliver tangible, measurable performance improvements. Programs in operational effectiveness produce reassuring progress, although superior profitability may remain elusive. Business publications and consultants flood the market with information about what other companies are doing, reinforcing the best-practice mentality. Caught up in the race for operational effectiveness, many managers simply do not understand the need to have a strategy."
7.041;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 3411";"Among all other influences, the desire to grow has perhaps the most perverse effect on strategy. Trade-offs and limits appear to constrain growth."
7.042;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 3639";"Core competencies are the collective learning in the organization, especially how to coordinate diverse production skills and integrate multiple streams of technologies."
7.043;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 3649";"Core competence is communication, involvement, and a deep commitment to working across organizational boundaries."
7.044;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 3700";"First, a core competence provides potential access to a wide variety of markets. Competence in display systems, for example,"
7.045;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 3703";"Second, a core competence should make a significant contribution to the perceived customer benefits of the end product."
7.046;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 3704";"Finally, a core competence should be difficult for competitors to imitate. And it will be difficult if it is a complex harmonization"
7.047;"Hbr's 10 Must Reads: The Essentials";"Location 3709";"Few companies are likely to build world leadership in more than five or six fundamental competencies. A company that compiles a list of 20 to 30 capabilities has probably not produced a list of core competencies."
9.001;"Wordsmithy: Hot Tips for the Writing Life";"Page 21";"Your native voice in writing is probably closer to the way you most naturally choose to speak than anything else. So you want to use this opportunity to import reality into your writing, instead of importing your writing into your reality."
9.002;"Wordsmithy: Hot Tips for the Writing Life";"Page 25";"Mark Twain once defined a classic as a book that everyone wanted to have read, but which no one wanted to read. In a similar spirit, lots of folks want to be “a writer” because they have had a few great ideas for a television script. They want to be a writer but are not all that thrilled about actually writing. They don’t want to write, they want to have written. So if you haven’t done anything yet, don’t talk as though you have."
9.003;"Wordsmithy: Hot Tips for the Writing Life";"Page 26";"There are some writers that I want to read no matter what they are talking about—because they are the kind of writers who write about things they love. And if, for their next book, they decided to love something really odd, that’s fine by me. They love it, and by the time I am done with their book, so shall"
9.004;"Wordsmithy: Hot Tips for the Writing Life";"Page 29";"We live in a narcissistic age, which means that many want to have the praise that comes from having read, without the antecedent labor of actually reading."
9.005;"Wordsmithy: Hot Tips for the Writing Life";"Page 30";"Output requires intake, and literary output requires literary intake."
9.006;"Wordsmithy: Hot Tips for the Writing Life";"Page 30";"Spend a lot of time reading. The impact of this reading is not something you need to catalog and track. Just let it happen."
9.007;"Wordsmithy: Hot Tips for the Writing Life";"Page 32";"Certain basic rules for writing are important, but it is way too easy for students to think that successful writing is a matter of not breaking any rules. So here is the most basic rule. Be yourself. Don’t be boring. And if you are boring, try to deal with that first."
9.008;"Wordsmithy: Hot Tips for the Writing Life";"Page 34";"Go for total tonnage, and read like someone who will forget most of it. You have my permission to forget most of it, which may or may not be reassuring, but you will forget most of it in either case."
9.009;"Wordsmithy: Hot Tips for the Writing Life";"Page 42";"Set a lifetime pattern of reading books. Set a course of reading, and adopt general criteria which will guide your reading. I would recommend one to two books a week."
9.01;"Wordsmithy: Hot Tips for the Writing Life";"Page 43";"Read attentively and with your eyes open, but not as though you are cramming for a test. The reason you should not read as though studying for a test is that, as we have already noted, the vast majority of what you learn (with great profit) you will not be able to recall. Read with a pen, pencil, or highlighter so that you can mark things of interest in a way that will help you find them again, and keep your reading intelligent and interactive."
9.011;"Wordsmithy: Hot Tips for the Writing Life";"Page 120";"The brain is more like a muscle that expands its capacity with increased use, and not very much like an attic crowded with boxes. The more you know, the more you can know. Take every advantage of every opportunity to learn your native language better, as well as any opportunities to learn other languages that will contribute to your writing."
13.001;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 465";"The tale of Enron is a story of human weakness, of hubris and greed and rampant self-delusion; of ambition run amok; of a grand experiment in the deregulated world; of a business model that didn’t work; and of smart people who believed their next gamble would cover their last disaster—and who couldn’t admit they were wrong. In less combative moods, Skilling"
13.002;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 794";"Although it took place a long time ago, it seems obvious now that the Enron Oil scandal was the canary in the coal mine."
13.003;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 1054";"Skilling they don’t just use the word “smart”; they use phrases like “incandescently brilliant” or “the smartest person I ever met.” Skilling in the late 1980s wasn’t a physically striking man—he was smallish, a little pudgy, and balding—but his mental agility was breathtaking. He could process information and conceptualize new ideas with blazing speed. He could instantly simplify highly complex issues into a sparkling, compelling image. And he presented his ideas with a certainty that bordered on arrogance and brooked no dissent. He used"
13.004;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 1060";"For all his brilliance, Skilling had dangerous blind spots. His management skills were appalling, in large part because he didn’t really understand people. He expected people to behave according to the imperatives of pure intellectual logic, but of course nobody does that (including, it should be said, Skilling himself)."
13.005;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 1064";"Skilling also had a tendency to oversimplify, and he largely disregarded—indeed, he had an active distaste for—the messy details involved in executing a plan. What thrilled Skilling, always, was the intellectual purity of an idea, not the translation of that idea into reality."
13.006;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 1067";"Over time his arrogance hardened, and he became so sure that he was the smartest guy in the room that anyone who disagreed with him was summarily dismissed as just not bright enough to “get it.”"
13.007;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 1068";"And there was one other thing about Skilling. For all his analytical abilities, he was a gambler at heart and had been from an early age. He always assumed that he could beat the odds. In the end, that was Skilling’s most dangerous blind spot of all."
13.008;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 1152";"But like Skilling himself, McKinsey partners tend to be designers of ditches, not diggers of ditches. When it comes to executing their lofty theories, well, consultants lean toward leaving those messy realities to the companies themselves."
13.009;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 1169";"McKinsey has since sought to distance itself from Skilling and Enron, much of what he brought to Enron—not only ideas about how to reshape the natural gas industry but ideas about what companies should value and how they should be run—came out of his experience at McKinsey."
13.01;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 1213";"In classic Skilling fashion, he used just one slide in his presentation—which shocked the Enron executives, who were expecting dozens—and he spoke for less than a half hour. When he had finished, an executive named Jim Rogers declared the idea dumb, and virtually all of the others agreed."
13.011;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 1657";"it all sounded very Darwinian, well, that was the point. Skilling believed that greed was the greatest motivator, and he was only too happy to feed it. “I’ve thought about this a lot, and all that matters is money,” Terry Thorn, an Enron managing director, recalls Skilling telling him. “You buy loyalty with money. This touchy-feely stuff isn’t as important as cash. That’s what drives performance.”"
13.012;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 1669";"Which offers up the problem: no company can prosper over the long term if every employee is a free agent, motivated solely by greed, no matter how smart he is. No company can function if it only hires brilliant MBAs—and sets them against each other. There is a reason companies value team players, just as there’s a reason that people who get along with others tend to do well in corporate life. The reason is simple: you can’t build a company on brilliance alone. You need people who can come up with ideas, and you also need people who can implement those ideas and are well compensated for doing so. The pure meritocracy Skilling thought"
13.013;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 2154";"Then there was the question of what happened to the large sums spent on projects that didn’t go forward. Here was an early example of Enron’s willingness to stretch accounting rules. The money Enron poured into projects that never were built—and such a failed deal could soak up tens of millions—was supposed to be written off. In Vietnam, for instance, one accountant says that Enron spent some $18 million trying to build a power plant, only to see the project canceled. Yet Enron International often booked such costs as an asset on the balance sheet, in what came to be known around the company as “the snowball.” Usually the rationale was that there was no official letter saying the project was dead, so therefore, officially, it wasn’t. Rich Kinder had a rule: the snowball had to stay under $90 million. But it eventually ballooned to over $200 million."
13.014;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 2177";"But the most poisonous explanation for the mad rush to do deals was money, not the money Enron would make but the money the developers would make. What one former international executive calls the “fatal flaw” in the business was the compensation structure. Developers got bonuses on a project-by-project basis. The developers would calculate the present value of all the expected future cash flow from a project."
13.015;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 2181";"No wonder the developers were so eager to move on to the next deal; they had no financial incentive to follow through on the one they’d just completed. And the money they stood to make was stunning, amounting to some 9 percent of the project’s total value. In other words, if the developers estimated that the project would ultimately bring Enron $100 million, the developers took home $9 million. In a sense, they were paid on the basis of mark-to-market accounting—just like the traders in Skilling’s group. It was crazy."
13.016;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 3369";"That statement in Enron’s risk-management manual perfectly captured the sentiment of the times. In fact, the material in the manual, developed with the help of a consulting firm, was used throughout the energy-trading industry."
13.017;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 3566";"“Any company worth its salt uses accounting rules to smooth small peaks and valleys,” says one former Enron accountant. “But with Enron, it got to a point where it was so prolific.”"
13.018;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 3586";"Here’s how another former employee describes the process: “Say you have a dog, but you need to create a duck on the financial statements. Fortunately, there are specific accounting rules for what constitutes a duck: yellow feet, white covering, orange beak. So you take the dog and paint its feet yellow and its fur white and you paste an orange plastic beak on its nose, and then you say to your accountants, ‘This is a duck! Don’t you agree that it’s a duck?’ And the accountants say, ‘Yes, according to the rules, this is a duck.’ Everybody knows that it’s a dog, not a duck, but that doesn’t matter, because you’ve met the rules for calling it a duck.”"
13.019;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 3926";"But if the companies themselves set up the SPEs, what exactly constituted independence? Amazingly, the rules developed by the accounting gurus stated that as long as 3 percent of the capital in the SPE came from an independent source and was truly at risk—meaning that it could all be lost if the deal went awry—the SPE qualified as independent. In other words, even if 97 percent of the capital consisted of debt raised by the company selling the assets, the company didn’t have to include that debt on its balance sheet."
13.02;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 3949";"At the time of its bankruptcy, Enron had over $2 billion in off-balance-sheet debt related solely to securitizations. While securitizations generated both cash and"
13.021;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 4001";"make sense: “The problem is, Enron did them on steroids.” Actually, the problem was that nobody inside Global Finance thought any of this was a problem. Though the company was piling up truly astounding levels of debt—by the end, Enron owed some $38 billion, of which only $13 billion was on its balance"
13.022;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 4005";"Instead, the Enron finance executives thought about how much smarter they were than everybody else in American business. They also convinced themselves and their accountants that they were complying with GAAP accounting, though the mental gymnastics required to get there were often tortured, to say the least. Indeed, they"
13.023;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 4108";"But despite the whispers—indeed, despite knowing far more than most people about what was really going on inside Enron—few bankers were willing to stop doing business with the company. They were hooked, too.  • "
13.024;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 4433";"Despite Skilling’s oft-stated horror at the way Rebecca Mark’s international deal makers were paid, he instituted virtually the same system at EES. The EES originators—they eventually totaled 170—got huge bonuses not on the basis of how a deal worked out over time but on how profitable it appeared on the day the contract was signed. Margaret Ceconi,"
13.025;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 4443";"Shockingly, Pai’s team was allowed to establish pricing curves that were different from the ones used by the wholesale traders. In other words, different parts of Enron were making different long-term pricing assumptions, then booking millions in mark-to-market profits based on those different guesses."
13.026;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 5231";"More than that, though, they believed that the market was the ultimate judge of their work and their worth. The market created a true meritocracy: you either made money because you made good trading decisions or you lost money because you made bad ones. Enron traders didn’t concern themselves with ethics or morality apart from the unyielding judgment of the markets. Maximizing profit was not inconsistent with doing good, they believed, but an inherent part of it, and the judge of good and bad was the immediate consequence of a split-second trade. The highest compliment a trader could pay a colleague was to call him intellectually pure. The worst insult was to accuse someone of making a deal that wasn’t economic."
13.027;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 5308";"“Jeff couldn’t let go of ‘we’re just a logistics company,’ because if you did, the stock was going to get nailed,” says a former senior originator. “People found it incredible, but we thought, more power to Jeff if he can sell it to the Street,” adds another former executive. Then he pauses. “But it was fundamentally misrepresenting the business to the people who own it: the stockholders.” The Enron board was also"
13.028;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 5495";"At Enron, it was bookable accounting profits, not dollars coming in the door, that mattered. “People did not know the difference between mark-to-market earnings and cash,” says a former trader. “No one ever talked to me about cash,”"
13.029;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 5575";"Once upon a time, an analyst saw his job as trying to assess a company’s long-term prospects. The modern analyst, however, was more a marketer than a researcher and was almost entirely consumed by short-term considerations. Above all else, analysts focused on earnings per share. They regularly consulted with the company’s investor relations executives, who quietly gave them what came to be known as earnings guidance. Using that guidance, the analysts came up with their earnings estimates for the next quarter (or the next year), which they would then market to their big institutional clients."
13.03;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 5581";"The crucial point is this: so long as a company met or beat its earnings-per-share estimate, nothing else mattered. Cash didn’t matter. Off-balance-sheet debt didn’t matter. Even on-balance-sheet debt didn’t matter. And meeting or beating its quarterly estimates was exactly the game Enron had mastered. In the giddiness of the bull market, no analyst was going to spoil the party by asking tough questions about how it had pulled this"
13.031;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 5594";"Why were analysts so maniacally focused on quarterly earnings estimates? In large part, because that’s what many of their most important clients cared about. The bull market brought with it the rise of a new breed of institutional investor: momentum investors, who bought stocks primarily because they were rising and whose stock-picking discipline was built solely around whether a company beat its earnings-per-share"
13.032;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 5751";"It’s not as if Enron employees were laughing at the gullibility of the out- side world. Certainly there were executives who worried about the company’s financial maneuvers, but the vast majority of people who worked for Enron simply assumed that the Global Finance team and Enron’s accountants at Arthur Andersen—not to mention the stock analysts and credit analysts—knew what they were doing and that there was nothing for them to worry about."
13.033;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 5807";"One outside public-relations consultant tried to ask Enron employees where they thought they were vulnerable. All he got in return were blank stares. People at Enron simply didn’t believe they were vulnerable."
13.034;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 8639";"The issue now was that Enron wanted to report these problems as nonrecurring charges, one-of-a-kind events that didn’t really reflect on the underlying performance of the company’s businesses. This too had big Wall Street implications. Analysts tended to discount nonrecurring charges and focus instead on operating earnings. For precisely that reason, the accounting treatment on this front was rife with opportunity for abuse. And Enron was a habitual abuser: historically, it had treated routine business losses as nonrecurring charges, and booked onetime gains as operating profits."
13.035;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 9172";"Enron was running out of options. Even after the new $1 billion loan from the banks—which still hadn’t closed—the big issue remained liquidity. No longer willing to trust Enron’s credit, more and more of the company’s trading counterparties were demanding cash collateral. Money was rushing out the door faster than Enron could raise it. By early"
13.036;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 9522";"The larger message was that the wealth and power enjoyed by those at the top of the heap in corporate America demand no sense of broader responsibility. To accept those arguments is to embrace the notion that ethical behavior requires nothing more than avoiding the explicitly illegal, that refusing to see the bad things happening in front of you makes you innocent, and that telling the truth is the same thing as making sure that no one can prove you lied."
13.037;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 9535";"Of course, this argument utterly ignores the larger truth, which is that those transactions added up to a completely illusory picture of Enron’s financial health, to which Andersen was also legally required to attest. History will record that Arthur Andersen, in the legal system’s judgment of its role at Enron, was ultimately found not guilty. But in any commonsense accounting of what happened, it surely was not innocent."
13.038;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 9559";"the right answer.” But, the investigators continued, “Duncan has discovered many facts that make him believe that Skilling did not keep the board fully informed. He cannot recall any discussions with Skilling that the company was encountering or was susceptible to any financial problems.” Another director privately put it this way: “The board was duped. I don’t see any other answer. These things could not have happened without Skilling being a part of it.”"
13.039;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 9933";"It came on October 23, 2006, when Judge Lake sentenced him to 24 years and four months in prison and a fine of $45 million. Skilling’s request to remain free while he appealed his conviction was denied. He reported to a low-security prison in Waseca, Minnesota, and began serving his sentence on December 13, 2006—with a projected release date of 2028, when he would be 74 years old."
13.04;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 9995";"This time around, though, there were no prosecutions—none—of major executives. Even civil actions by the SEC were fairly limited; in many cases, like the Citigroup case, firms paid but weren’t required to admit guilt. If individuals were named, they were often painfully junior, as in the case the SEC brought against Goldman Sachs."
13.041;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 10047";"Maybe it’s worth a different kind of comparison between Enron and the financial crisis. The difference between the way Enron executives behaved and the way highly paid people at so many of our financial firms behaved isn’t the difference between black and white. If it’s anything, it’s a shade of grey—the difference between a prosecutable lie and deliberately looking the other way, the difference between Enron’s illusory profits and the profits of many financial firms, which quickly turned into huge losses."
13.042;"The Smartest Guys in the Room: The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron";"Location 10055";"Compare all that to the making of loans to people who couldn’t pay them back and the packaging of those loans into securities to be sold to clueless investors. The former was genuinely creative; the latter was simply opportunistic and destructive. Or to put it a different way, there was so much possibility in Enron, and there could have been a different ending. There was never going to be anything but a bad ending to the inflation of home prices. By some measures, maybe the Enron guys really were the smartest guys in the room."
14.001;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 10";"Productivity is not what will bring purpose to your life, but what will enable you to excel in living out your existing purpose."
14.002;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 11";"The simple fact is, you are not the point of your life. You are not the star of your show. If you live for yourself, your own comfort, your own glory, your own fame, you will miss out on your very purpose. God created you to bring glory to him. Q2. How can you glorify God in your day-to-day"
14.003;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 13";"The Bible assures you that good works are any deeds that are done for the benefit of other people and the glory of God. You are already"
14.004;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 13";"Good works, then, are any and all of those deeds you do for the benefit of others."
14.005;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 13";"with consideration to your clients and coworkers, you are doing good works that bring glory to God, because you are living outside yourself, doing what benefits the people in your life."
14.006;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 16";"The Bible is clear: At every time and in every context you are able to do good to others, and so you should do good to others."
14.007;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 16";"Q6. What is productivity? A. Productivity is effectively stewarding my gifts, talents, time, energy, and enthusiasm for the good of others and the glory of God."
14.008;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 19";"three productivity thieves: laziness, busyness, and the mean combination of thorns and thistles."
14.009;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 21";"Busyness may make you feel good about yourself and give the illusion of getting things done, but it probably just means that you are directing too little attention in too many directions, that you are prioritizing all the wrong things, and that your productivity is suffering."
14.01;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 23";"the absence of productivity or the presence of woefully diminished productivity is first a theological problem. It is a failure to understand or apply the truths God reveals in the Bible. Do"
14.011;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 24";"your good deeds, and the more they will glorify God. You have the choice before you each day. This truth means that productivity is not just about what you do in the workplace. It is not just about your success in the one task that consumes the greatest part of your time and attention each week. It is about all of life. It is about your personal life, your family life, your church life, and everything else."
14.012;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 36";"Many productivity gurus tell you that you need to have a personalized big-picture mission statement to encompass all of life and every area of responsibility. Personally, that both intimidates and paralyzes me, and I have never been successful at it. But what I have found very helpful is preparing a limited mission statement for each of my areas of responsibility. I have five areas of responsibility, and for that reason have five mission statements."
14.013;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 39";"Your primary pursuit in productivity is not doing more things, but doing more good."
14.014;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 49";"This principle extends to any area of life but is especially helpful in organizing your productivity system. Here it is: a home for everything, and like goes with like."
14.015;"Do more Better: a Practical Guide to Productivity";"Page 81";"you need to build a life of productivity—of doing good to others. And to do this work, you will need a system. A productivity system is a set of methods, habits, and routines that enable you to be most effective in knowing what to do and in actually doing it. An effective system involves identifying, deploying, and relying on appropriate tools. When functioning together, these tools enable you to operate smoothly and efficiently, dedicating appropriate time and attention to the most important tasks."
16.001;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 1";"We are all forecasters. When we think about changing jobs, getting married, buying a home, making an investment, launching a product, or retiring, we decide based on how we expect the future will unfold. These expectations are forecasts."
16.002;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 3";"talents. I call them superforecasters because that is what they are. Reliable evidence proves it. Explaining why they’re so good, and how others can learn to do what they do, is my goal in this book. How our low-profile"
16.003;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 3";"Every day, the news media deliver forecasts without reporting, or even asking, how good the forecasters who made the forecasts really are. Every day, corporations and governments pay for forecasts that may be prescient or worthless or something in between. And every day, all of us—leaders of nations, corporate executives, investors, and voters—make critical decisions on the basis of forecasts whose quality is unknown."
16.004;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 4";"for it turns out that forecasting is not a “you have it or you don’t” talent. It is a skill that can be cultivated. This book will show you how."
16.005;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 5";"The one undeniable talent that talking heads have is their skill at telling a compelling story with conviction, and that is enough."
16.006;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 5";"questions that only required looking one year out, and accuracy fell off the further out experts tried to forecast—approaching the dart-throwing-chimpanzee level three to five years out."
16.007;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 6";"But debunkers go too far when they dismiss all forecasting as a fool’s errand. I believe it is possible to see into the future, at least in some situations and to some extent, and that any intelligent, open-minded, and hardworking person can cultivate the requisite skills. Call me an “optimistic skeptic.”"
16.008;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 10";"In one of history’s great ironies, scientists today know vastly more than their colleagues a century ago, and possess vastly more data-crunching power, but they are much less confident in the prospects for perfect predictability."
16.009;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 10";"But it is one thing to recognize the limits on predictability, and quite another to dismiss all prediction as an exercise in futility."
16.01;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 13";"Unpredictability and predictability coexist uneasily in the intricately interlocking systems that make up our bodies, our societies, and the cosmos. How predictable something is depends on what we are trying to predict, how far into the future, and under what circumstances."
16.011;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 14";"More often forecasts are made and then…nothing. Accuracy is seldom determined after the fact and is almost never done with sufficient regularity and rigor that conclusions can be drawn. The reason? Mostly it’s a demand-side problem: The consumers of forecasting—governments, business, and the public—don’t demand evidence of accuracy. So there is no measurement. Which means no revision. And without revision, there can be no improvement."
16.012;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 15";"“I have been struck by how important measurement is to improving the human condition,” Bill Gates wrote. “You can achieve incredible progress if you set a clear goal and find a measure that will drive progress toward that goal….This may seem basic, but it is amazing how often it is not done and how hard it is to get right.”"
16.013;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 18";"The other conclusion is what makes these superforecasters so good. It’s not really who they are. It is what they do. Foresight isn’t a mysterious gift bestowed at birth. It is the product of particular ways of thinking, of gathering information, of updating beliefs. These habits of thought can be learned and cultivated by any intelligent, thoughtful, determined person."
16.014;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 20";"superforecasting demands thinking that is open-minded, careful, curious, and—above all—self-critical. It also demands focus. The kind of thinking that produces superior judgment does not come effortlessly. Only the determined can deliver it reasonably consistently, which is why our analyses have consistently found commitment to self-improvement to be the strongest predictor of performance."
16.015;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 23";"we will need to blend computer-based forecasting and subjective judgment in the future. So it’s time we got serious about both."
16.016;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 38";"The key is doubt. Scientists can feel just as strongly as anyone else that they know The Truth. But they know they must set that feeling aside and replace it with finely measured degrees of doubt—doubt that can be reduced (although never to zero) by better evidence from better studies."
16.017;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 52";"That’s why forecasts without timelines don’t appear absurd when they are made. But as time passes, memories fade, and tacit time frames that once seemed obvious to all become less so. The result is often a tedious dispute about the “real” meaning of the forecast. Was the event expected this year or next? This decade or next? With no time frame, there is no way to resolve these arguments to everyone’s satisfaction—especially when reputations are on the line."
16.018;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 54";"The key word in Kent’s work is estimate. As Kent wrote, “estimating is what you do when you do not know.”"
16.019;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 57";"A more serious objection—then and now—is that expressing a probability estimate with a number may imply to the reader that it is an objective fact, not the subjective judgment it is. That is a danger. But the answer is not to do away with numbers. It’s to inform readers that numbers, just like words, only express estimates—opinions—and nothing more."
16.02;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 58";"Only after the debacle over Saddam Hussein’s supposed weapons of mass destruction, and the wholesale reforms that followed, did it become more acceptable to express probabilities with numbers."
16.021;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 64";"The math behind this system was developed by Glenn W. Brier in 1950, hence results are called Brier scores. In effect, Brier scores measure the distance between what you forecast and what actually happened."
16.022;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 65";"For example, after the 2012 presidential election, Nate Silver, Princeton’s Sam Wang, and other poll aggregators were hailed for correctly predicting all fifty state outcomes, but almost no one noted that a crude, across-the-board prediction of “no change”—if a state went Democratic or Republican in 2008, it will do the same in 2012—would have scored forty-eight out of fifty, which suggests that the many excited exclamations of “He called all fifty states!” we heard at the time were a tad overwrought."
16.023;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 68";"If you didn’t know the punch line of EPJ before you read this book, you do now: the average expert was roughly as accurate as a dart-throwing chimpanzee."
16.024;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 68";"So why did one group do better than the other? It wasn’t whether they had PhDs or access to classified information. Nor was it what they thought—whether they were liberals or conservatives, optimists or pessimists. The critical factor was how they thought."
16.025;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 69";"Foxes beat hedgehogs. And the foxes didn’t just win by acting like chickens, playing it safe with 60% and 70% forecasts where hedgehogs boldly went with 90% and 100%. Foxes beat hedgehogs on both calibration and resolution. Foxes had real foresight. Hedgehogs didn’t."
16.026;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 72";"That too is consistent with the EPJ data, which revealed an inverse correlation between fame and accuracy: the more famous an expert was, the less accurate he was."
16.027;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 73";"Aggregating the judgment of many consistently beats the accuracy of the average member of the group, and is often as startlingly accurate as Galton’s weight-guessers. The"
16.028;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 74";"Now look at how foxes approach forecasting. They deploy not one analytical idea but many and seek out information not from one source but many. Then they synthesize it all into a single conclusion. In a word, they aggregate. They may be individuals working alone, but what they do is, in principle, no different from what Galton’s crowd did. They integrate perspectives and the information contained within them. The only real difference is that the process occurs within one skull."
16.029;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 87";"It’s sensible stuff, but the point of making forecasts is not to tick all the boxes on the “how to make forecasts” checklist. It is to foresee what’s coming. To have accountability for process but not accuracy is like ensuring that physicians wash their hands, examine the patient, and consider all the symptoms, but never checking to see whether the treatment works."
16.03;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 111";"What Fermi understood is that by breaking down the question, we can better separate the knowable and the unknowable. So guessing—pulling a number out of the black box—isn’t eliminated. But we have brought our guessing process out into the light of day where we can inspect it. And the net result tends to be a more accurate estimate than whatever number happened to pop out of the black box when we first read the question."
16.031;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 120";"So a forecaster who starts by diving into the inside view risks being swayed by a number that may have little or no meaning. But if she starts with the outside view, her analysis will begin with an anchor that is meaningful. And a better anchor is a distinct advantage."
16.032;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 123";"Researchers have found that merely asking people to assume their initial judgment is wrong, to seriously consider why that might be, and then make another judgment, produces a second estimate which, when combined with the first, improves accuracy almost as much as getting a second estimate from another person."
16.033;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 126";"A brilliant puzzle solver may have the raw material for forecasting, but if he doesn’t also have an appetite for questioning basic, emotionally charged beliefs he will often be at a disadvantage relative to a less intelligent person who has a greater capacity for self-critical thinking. It’s not the raw crunching power you have that matters most. It’s what you do with it."
16.034;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 127";"For superforecasters, beliefs are hypotheses to be tested, not treasures to be guarded."
16.035;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 129";"I have yet to find a superforecaster who isn’t comfortable with numbers and most are more than capable of putting them to practical use. And"
16.036;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 144";"Aleatory uncertainty ensures life will always have surprises, regardless of how carefully we plan. Superforecasters grasp this deep truth better than most. When they sense that a question is loaded with irreducible uncertainty—say, a currency-market question—they have learned to be cautious, keeping their initial estimates inside the shades-of-maybe zone between 35% and 65% and moving out tentatively. They know the “cloudier” the outlook, the harder it is to beat that dart-throwing chimpanzee."
16.037;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 153";"Superforecasting isn’t a paint-by-numbers method but superforecasters often tackle questions in a roughly similar way—one that any of us can follow: Unpack the question into components. Distinguish as sharply as you can between the known and unknown and leave no assumptions unscrutinized. Adopt the outside view and put the problem into a comparative perspective that downplays its uniqueness and treats it as a special case of a wider class of phenomena. Then adopt the inside view that plays up the uniqueness of the problem. Also explore the similarities and differences between your views and those of others—and pay special attention to prediction markets and other methods of extracting wisdom from crowds. Synthesize all these different views into a single vision as acute as that of a dragonfly. Finally, express your judgment as precisely as you can, using a finely grained scale of probability."
16.038;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 172";"Minto is a Bayesian who does not use Bayes’ theorem. That paradoxical description applies to most superforecasters."
16.039;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 181";"To learn from failure, we must know when we fail."
16.04;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 185";"To get better at a certain type of forecasting, that is the type of forecasting you must do—over and over again, with good feedback telling you how your training is going, and a cheerful willingness to say, “Wow, I got that one wrong. I’d better think about why.”"
16.041;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 190";"Computer programmers have a wonderful term for a program that is not intended to be released in a final version but will instead be used, analyzed, and improved without end. It is “perpetual beta.” Superforecasters are perpetual beta."
16.042;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 191";"In philosophic outlook, they tend to be: CAUTIOUS: Nothing is certain HUMBLE: Reality is infinitely complex NONDETERMINISTIC: What happens is not meant to be and does not have to happen In their abilities and thinking styles, they tend to be: ACTIVELY OPEN-MINDED: Beliefs are hypotheses to be tested, not treasures to be protected INTELLIGENT AND KNOWLEDGEABLE, WITH A “NEED FOR COGNITION”: Intellectually curious, enjoy puzzles and mental challenges REFLECTIVE: Introspective and self-critical NUMERATE: Comfortable with numbers In their methods of forecasting they tend to be: PRAGMATIC: Not wedded to any idea or agenda ANALYTICAL: Capable of stepping back from the tip-of-your-nose perspective and considering other views DRAGONFLY-EYED: Value diverse views and synthesize them into their own PROBABILISTIC: Judge using many grades of maybe THOUGHTFUL UPDATERS: When facts change, they change their minds GOOD INTUITIVE PSYCHOLOGISTS: Aware of the value of checking thinking for cognitive and emotional biases In their work ethic, they tend to have: A GROWTH MINDSET: Believe it’s possible to get better GRIT: Determined to keep at it however long it takes"
16.043;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 192";"paint with a broad brush here. Not every attribute is equally important. The strongest predictor of rising into the ranks of superforecasters is perpetual beta, the degree to which one is committed to belief updating and self-improvement. It is roughly three times as powerful a predictor as its closest rival, intelligence."
16.044;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 199";"We also gave teams a primer on teamwork based on insights gleaned from research in group dynamics. On the one hand, we warned, groupthink is a danger. Be cooperative but not deferential. Consensus is not always good; disagreement not always bad. If you do happen to agree, don’t take that agreement—in itself—as proof that you are right. Never stop doubting. Pointed questions are as essential to a team as vitamins are to a human body."
16.045;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 217";"Auftragstaktik blended strategic coherence and decentralized decision making with a simple principle: commanders were to tell subordinates what their goal is but not how to achieve it."
16.046;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 228";"The humility required for good judgment is not self-doubt—the sense that you are untalented, unintelligent, or unworthy. It is intellectual humility. It is a recognition that reality is profoundly complex, that seeing things clearly is a constant struggle, when it can be done at all, and that human judgment must therefore be riddled with mistakes."
16.047;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 231";"What makes them so good is less what they are than what they do—the hard work of research, the careful thought and self-criticism, the gathering and synthesizing of other perspectives, the granular judgments and relentless updating."
16.048;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 236";"It suggests that the superforecasters not only paid attention to the time frame in the question but also thought about other possible time frames—and thereby shook off a hard-to-shake bias."
16.049;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 239";"the great powers—also fail the unimaginability test. If black swans must be inconceivable before they happen, a rare species of event suddenly becomes a lot rarer. But Taleb also offers a more modest definition of a black swan as a “highly improbable consequential event.”6"
16.05;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 239";"So the first-generation IARPA tournament tells us nothing about how good superforecasters are at spotting gray or black swans. They may be as clueless as anyone else—or astonishingly adept. We don’t know, and shouldn’t fool ourselves that we do."
16.051;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 240";"Now if you believe that only black swans matter in the long run, the Good Judgment Project should only interest short-term thinkers. But history is not just about black swans. Look at the inch-worm advance in life expectancy. Or consider that an average of 1% annual global economic growth in the nineteenth century and 2% in the twentieth turned the squalor of the eighteenth century and all the centuries that preceded it into the unprecedented wealth of the twenty-first.7 History does sometimes jump. But it also crawls, and slow, incremental change can be profoundly important."
16.052;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 243";"Taleb, Kahneman, and I agree there is no evidence that geopolitical or economic forecasters can predict anything ten years out beyond the excruciatingly obvious—“there will be conflicts”—and the odd lucky hits that are inevitable whenever lots of forecasters make lots of forecasts."
16.053;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 244";"If you have to plan for a future beyond the forecasting horizon, plan for surprise. That means, as Danzig advises, planning for adaptability and resilience. Imagine a scenario in which reality gives you a smack in the ear and consider how you would respond. Then assume reality will give you a kick in the shin and think about dealing with that. “Plans are useless,” Eisenhower said about preparing for battle, “but planning is indispensable.”11"
16.054;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 245";"Probability judgments should be explicit so we can consider whether they are as accurate as they can be. And if they are nothing but a guess, because that’s the best we can do, we should say so. Knowing what we don’t know is better than thinking we know what we don"
16.055;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 248";"Some find it hard wrapping their heads around Taleb’s idea of statistical distributions of possible worlds. It feels like eggheaded nonsense. There is only one reality: what happened in the past, what we’re living in now, and what will happen in the future. But if you are as mathematically inclined as Taleb, you get used to the idea that the world we live in is but one that emerged, quasi-randomly, from a vast population of once-possible worlds. The past did not have to unfold as it did, the present did not have to be what it is, and the future is wide open. History is a virtually infinite array of possibilities."
16.056;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 263";"Seen that way, it’s obvious that the big question is composed of many small questions. One is “Will North Korea test a rocket?” If it does, it will escalate the conflict a little. If it doesn’t, it could cool things down a little. That one tiny question doesn’t nail down the big question, but it does contribute a little insight. And if we ask many tiny-but-pertinent questions, we can close in on an answer for the big question."
16.057;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 263";"In future research, I want to develop the concept and see how effectively we can answer unscorable “big questions” with clusters of little ones."
16.058;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 268";"When a debate like “Keynesians versus Austerians” emerges, key figures could work together—with the help of trusted third parties—to identify what they disagree about and which forecasts would meaningfully test those disagreements."
16.059;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 270";"(1) Triage"
16.06;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 270";"(2) Break seemingly intractable problems into tractable sub-problems."
16.061;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 270";"(3) Strike the right balance between inside and outside views."
16.062;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 270";"(4) Strike the right balance between under- and overreacting to evidence"
16.063;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 270";"(5) Look for the clashing causal forces at work in each problem"
16.064;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 270";"(6) Strive to distinguish as many degrees of doubt as the problem permits but no more"
16.065;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 270";"(7) Strike the right balance between under- and overconfidence, between prudence and decisiveness."
16.066;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 270";"(8) Look for the errors behind your mistakes but beware of rearview-mirror hindsight biases"
16.067;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 270";"(9) Bring out the best in others and let others bring out the best in you."
16.068;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 270";"(10) Master the error-balancing bicycle."
16.069;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 270";"(11) Don’t treat commandments as commandments"
16.07;"Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction";"Page 270";"The true explanation for why superforecasters outperformed intelligence analysts is unknown. But I doubt it is because superforecasters are smarter or more open-minded. I suspect they did better because they treat forecasting as a cultivatable skill whereas analysts work inside an organization that treats prediction as a sideshow, not part of the analyst’s real job."
18.001;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 337";"Antifragility is beyond resilience or robustness. The resilient resists shocks and stays the same; the antifragile gets better."
18.002;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 343";"The antifragile loves randomness and uncertainty, which also means—crucially—a love of errors, a certain class of errors. Antifragility has a singular property of allowing us to deal with the unknown, to do things without understanding them—and do them well. Let me be more aggressive: we are largely better at doing than we are at thinking, thanks to antifragility. I’d rather be dumb and antifragile than extremely smart and fragile, any time."
18.003;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 360";"And we can almost always detect antifragility (and fragility) using a simple test of asymmetry: anything that has more upside than downside from random events (or certain shocks) is antifragile; the reverse is fragile."
18.004;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 434";"You cannot say with any reliability that a certain remote event or shock is more likely than another (unless you enjoy deceiving yourself), but you can state with a lot more confidence that an object or a structure is more fragile than another should a certain event happen."
18.005;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 487";"fragility—which had been lacking a technical definition—could be expressed as what does not like volatility, and that what does not like volatility does not like randomness, uncertainty, disorder, errors, stressors,"
18.006;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 1473";"Some businesses love their own mistakes. Reinsurance companies, who focus on insuring catastrophic risks (and are used by insurance companies to “re-insure” such non-diversifiable risks), manage to do well after a calamity or tail event that causes them to take a hit. If they are still in business and “have their powder dry” (few manage to have plans for such contingency), they make it up by disproportionately raising premia—customers overreact and pay up for insurance. They claim to have no idea about fair value, that is, proper pricing, for reinsurance, but they certainly know that it is overpriced at times of stress, which is sufficient to them to make a long-term shekel. All they need is to keep their mistakes small enough so they can survive them."
18.007;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 1657";"This is the central illusion in life: that randomness is risky, that it is a bad thing—and that eliminating randomness is done by eliminating randomness. Artisans, say, taxi drivers, prostitutes"
18.008;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 1672";"Man-made smoothing of randomness produces the equivalent of John’s income: smooth, steady, but fragile. Such"
18.009;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 1911";"When we look at risks in Extremistan, we don’t look at evidence (evidence comes too late), we look at potential damage: never has the world been more prone to more damage; never.6 It is hard to explain to naive data-driven people that risk is in the future, not in the past."
18.01;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 1947";"The point of the previous chapter was that the risk properties of the first brother (the fragile bank employee) are vastly different from those of the second one (the comparatively antifragile artisan taxi driver). Likewise, the risk characteristic of a centralized system is different from that of a messy municipally-led confederation. The second type is stable in the long run because of some dose of volatility."
18.011;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 1986";"The idea of injecting random noise into a system to improve its functioning has been applied across fields. By a mechanism called stochastic resonance, adding random noise to the background makes you hear the sounds (say, music) with more accuracy."
18.012;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 2051";"To summarize, the problem with artificially suppressed volatility is not just that the system tends to become extremely fragile; it is that, at the same time, it exhibits no visible risks. Also remember that volatility is information. In fact, these systems tend to be too calm and exhibit minimal variability as silent risks accumulate beneath the surface."
18.013;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 2248";"Just as a little bit of fire here and there gets rid of the flammable material in a forest, a little bit of harm here and there in an economy weeds out the vulnerable firms early enough to allow them to “fail early” (so they can start again) and minimize the long-term damage to the system. An ethical problem arises"
18.014;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 2274";"As we saw with the overzealous editor, over-intervention comes with under-intervention. Indeed, as in medicine, we tend to over-intervene in areas with minimal benefits (and large risks) while under-intervening in areas in which intervention is necessary, like emergencies. So the message here is in favor of staunch intervention in some areas, such as ecology or to limit the economic distortions and moral hazard caused by large corporations. What should we control?"
18.015;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 2391";"Likewise, those in corporations or in policy making (like Fragilista Greenspan) who are endowed with a sophisticated data-gathering department and are therefore getting a lot of “timely” statistics are capable of overreacting and mistaking noise for information—Greenspan kept an eye on such fluctuations as the sales of vacuum cleaners in Cleveland to, as they say, “get a precise idea about where the economy is going,” and of course he micromanaged us into chaos."
18.016;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 2506";"Governments are wasting billions of dollars on attempting to predict events that are produced by interdependent systems and are therefore not statistically understandable at the individual level."
18.017;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 2518";"Political and economic “tail events” are unpredictable, and their probabilities are not scientifically measurable. No matter how many dollars are spent on research, predicting revolutions is not the same as counting cards; humans will never be able to turn politics and economics into the tractable randomness of blackjack."
18.018;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 2550";"Fragility-Robustness-Antifragility as a replacement for predictive methods."
18.019;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 2557";"There are ample empirical findings to the effect that providing someone with a random numerical forecast increases his risk taking, even if the person knows the projections are random."
18.02;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 2561";"What makes life simple is that the robust and antifragile don’t have to have as accurate a comprehension of the world as the fragile—and they do not need forecasting. To see how redundancy is a nonpredictive, or rather a less predictive, mode of action, let us use the argument of Chapter 2: if you have extra cash in the bank (in addition to stockpiles of tradable goods such as cans of Spam and hummus and gold bars in the basement), you don’t need to know with precision which event will cause potential difficulties.1 It could be a war, a revolution, an earthquake, a recession, an epidemic, a terrorist attack, the secession of the state of New Jersey, anything—you do not need to predict much, unlike those who are in the opposite situation, namely, in debt. Those, because of their fragility, need to predict with more, a lot more, accuracy."
18.021;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 2579";"“why did we build something so fragile to these types of events?” Not seeing a tsunami or an economic event coming is excusable; building something fragile to them is not."
18.022;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 2608";"So my work is about where one should be skeptical, and where one should not be so. In other words, focus on getting out of the f*** Fourth Quadrant—the Fourth Quadrant is the scientific name I gave to the Black Swan domain, the one in which we have a high exposure to rare, “tail” events and these events are incomputable.3"
18.023;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 2775";"You can’t predict in general, but you can predict that those who rely on predictions are taking more risks, will have some trouble, perhaps even go bust. Why? Someone who predicts will be fragile to prediction errors. An overconfident pilot will eventually crash the plane. And numerical prediction leads people to take more risks."
18.024;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 3096";"This entire heritage of thinking, grounded in the sentence “An agent does not move except out of intention for an end,” is where the most pervasive human error lies, compounded by two or more centuries of the illusion of unconditional scientific understanding. This error is also the most fragilizing"
18.025;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 3111";"The strength of the computer entrepreneur Steve Jobs was precisely in distrusting market research and focus groups—those based on asking people what they want—and following his own imagination. His modus was that people don’t know what they want until you provide them with it."
18.026;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 3167";"Financial options may be expensive because people know they are options and someone is selling them and charging a price—but most interesting options are free, or at the worst, cheap."
18.027;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 3298";"As I said, in business, people pay for the option when it is identified and mapped in a contract, so explicit options tend to be expensive to purchase, much like insurance contracts. They are often overhyped. But because of the domain dependence of our minds, we don’t recognize it in other places, where these options tend to remain underpriced or not priced at all."
18.028;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 4184";"Corporations are in love with the idea of the strategic plan. They need to pay to figure out where they are going. Yet there is no evidence that strategic planning works—we even seem to have evidence against it. A management scholar, William Starbuck, has published a few papers debunking the effectiveness of planning—it makes the corporation option-blind, as it gets locked into a non-opportunistic course of action. Almost"
18.029;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 4805";"For the fragile, the cumulative effect of small shocks is smaller than the single effect of an equivalent single large shock."
18.03;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 4996";"But there is a nuance: it is the size per segment of the project that matters, not the entire project—some projects can be divided into pieces, not others. Bridge and tunnel projects involve monolithic planning,"
18.031;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 5166";"Once I figured out that fragility was directly from nonlinearity and convexity effects, and that convexity was measurable, I got all excited. The technique—detecting acceleration of harm—applies to anything that entails decision making under uncertainty, and risk management."
18.032;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 5212";"Finally, this method can show us where the math in economic models is bogus—which models are fragile and which ones are not. Simply do a small change in the assumptions, and look at how large the effect, and if there is acceleration of such effect."
18.033;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 5291";"This hidden “convexity bias” comes from a mathematical property called Jensen’s inequality. This is what the common discourse on innovation is missing. If you ignore the convexity bias, you are missing a chunk of what makes the nonlinear world go round."
18.034;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 5367";"So the central tenet of the epistemology I advocate is as follows: we know a lot more what is wrong than what is right, or, phrased according to the fragile/robust classification, negative knowledge (what is wrong, what does not work) is more robust to error than positive knowledge (what is right, what works). So knowledge grows by subtraction much more than by addition—given that what we know today might turn out to be wrong but what we know to be wrong cannot turn out to be right, at least not easily. If I spot a black swan (not capitalized), I can be quite certain that the statement “all swans are white” is wrong. But even if I have never seen a black swan, I can never hold such a statement to be true. Rephrasing it again: since one small observation can disprove a statement, while millions can hardly confirm it, disconfirmation is more rigorous than confirmation."
18.035;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 5420";"Few realize that we are moving into the far more uneven distribution of 99/1 across many things that used to be 80/20: 99 percent of Internet traffic is attributable to less than 1 percent of sites, 99 percent of book sales come from less than 1 percent of authors "
18.036;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 6868";"Never ask anyone for their opinion, forecast, or recommendation. Just ask them what they have—or don’t have—in their portfolio."
18.037;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 6876";"The psychologist Gerd Gigerenzer has a simple heuristic. Never ask the doctor what you should do. Ask him what he would do if he were in your place. You would be surprised at the difference. The Problem"
18.038;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 6978";"believe that forcing researchers to eat their own cooking whenever possible solves a serious problem in science. Take this simple heuristic—does the scientific researcher whose ideas are applicable to the real world apply his ideas to his daily life? If so, take him seriously. Otherwise, ignore"
18.039;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 7032";"The asymmetry is visibly present: volatility benefits managers since they only get one side of the payoffs. The main point (alas, missed by almost everyone) is that they stand to gain from volatility—the more variations, the more value to this asymmetry. Hence they are antifragile."
18.04;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 7444";"Everything gains or loses from volatility. Fragility is what loses from volatility and uncertainty"
18.041;"Antifragile: Things that Gain from Disorder (Incerto)";"Location 7460";"We can detect what likes volatility thanks to convexity or acceleration and higher orders, since convexity is the response by a thing that likes disorder. We can build Black Swan–protected systems thanks to detection of concavity."
20.001;"Lords of Finance: The Bankers Who Broke the World";"Page 504";"More than anything else, therefore, the Great Depression was caused by a failure of intellectual will, a lack of understanding about how the economy operated."
31.001;"Good for the Money: My Fight to Pay Back America";"Page 121";"“There was no measurement to say across the organization, ‘Are we over-weighted in anything?’” Pasciucco recounted. “Because it would have shown immediately that you’re over-weighted in domestic mortgages.”"
33.001;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 107";"GDP is the way we measure and compare how well or badly countries are doing. But this is not a question of measuring a natural phenomenon like land mass or average temperature to varying degrees of accuracy. GDP is a made-up entity."
33.002;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 130";"In 2000, the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis declared GDP to be “One of the Great Inventions of the 20th Century.”"
33.003;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 133";"I also ask whether GDP alone is still a good enough measure of economic performance—and conclude not. It is a measure designed for the twentieth-century economy of physical mass production, not for the modern economy of rapid innovation and intangible, increasingly digital, services. How well the economy is doing is always going to be an important part of everyday politics, and we’re going to need a better measure of “the economy” than today’s GDP."
33.004;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 175";"Only those involved in the making of physical commodities, agriculture and industry, would count toward national income. The provision of more services was a cost to the national economy,"
33.005;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 177";"Importantly, money spent on warfare or the interest on government debt was also being used unproductively. The nation’s wealth was its stock of physical assets less the national debt. National income was what derived from the national wealth."
33.006;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 186";"The idea of a distinction between productive and unproductive activity, adopted by Adam Smith, dominated economic debate and measurement until the late nineteenth century. Karl Marx echoed it, and it remained the basis for measuring the centrally planned economies until the collapse of communism after"
33.007;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 251";"The discussions were highly technical but the underlying issue was profound: what was the meaning of economic growth and why were statisticians measuring it? Gilbert and his colleagues were clear that the aim was to have a measurement that was useful to the government in running its fiscal policy."
33.008;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 272";"For two centuries, “the economy” was the private sector. Government played a small role in economic life, and featured mainly because it looked to raise taxes to pay for wars."
33.009;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 326";"GDP statistics and Keynesian macroeconomic policy were mutually reinforcing. The story of GDP since 1940 is also the story of macroeconomics. The availability of national accounts statistics made demand management"
33.01;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 376";"There is no such entity as GDP out there in the real world waiting to be measured by economists. It is an abstract idea, and one that after a half century of international discussion and standard-setting has become extremely complicated. The manuals for statisticians run to hundreds of pages, and it takes a substantial investment of time and effort to understand the national accounts in any detail."
33.011;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 425";"GDP counts all the economic output generated within the nation’s boundary. GNP counts all the economic output generated by national entities, some of it occurring overseas."
33.012;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 516";"The trouble with using old weights is that the structure of the economy changes quite dramatically over time. In many African, Asian, and Latin American economies, the GDP calculations take no account of phenomena such as globalization, or the mobile phone revolution in the developing world."
33.013;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 533";"statistical changes).30 For this reason, the developed economies’ national accounts for the most part now use a “chain-weighted” price index in the calculation of real GDP, meaning that the weights used to combine the separate prices into one index change steadily year by year."
33.014;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 548";"The seemingly technical issue of how best to calculate a price index has some profound implications, ones which economists routinely ignore. In short, the choice of techniques completely alters even the broad outlines of the big picture on economic growth."
33.015;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 553";"Sometimes an increase in the price of an item reflects an improvement in quality, and failing to take account of this would lead to an underestimate of real GDP."
33.016;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 607";"Decisions like these concern what is known as the “production boundary”: what counts as economic output? Government expenditure and household services (such as cleaning and home-grown vegetables) are just two obvious fuzzy areas."
33.017;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 614";"There is an equally general consensus that household services should not be included—although including their value (as discussed in chapter 6) might add 50 percent or more to estimates of GDP, much more than the scale of the government contribution."
33.018;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 630";"Finally, and above all, it is important to recognize that GDP is not a measure of welfare. It—notoriously—counts the services of lawyers and other “bads” as a positive. So too the rebuilding of bridges and homes after a storm like Katrina or Sandy, or floods. GDP measures output; it does not measure well-being. Much more on this, too, as this brief history unfolds."
33.019;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 664";"GDP does not measure the nation’s assets or balance sheet, only its flow of income, expenditure, and production from year to year."
33.02;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 772";"The use of PPP conversion rates, done unthinkingly by most economists, is controversial, however. Compared to converting every country’s GDP to one currency using the prevailing market exchange rate, the PPP conversion factors will raise the relative level of GDP of those low-income countries where nontraded goods and services are cheap. That was, after all, the point of devising the purchasing power parity concept. But many critics think the PPP conversion ends up overstating the income of poor countries. Recent research confirms suggestions that the PPP approach understates the differences in living standards among different countries."
33.021;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 794";"The statistical controversy has immense practical consequence: purchasing power parities are widely used to measure and compare living standards and economic performance around the world. They are the basis of almost every economic study looking at how countries grow. They determine policy choices made by national governments and international agencies."
33.022;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 824";"The question the raw data should be used to answer is: “How much must the average expenditure in one country be increased to enable its typical inhabitant to have the same standard of living as a typical inhabitant of a richer country?”"
33.023;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 826";"The economist Nicholas Oulton has used the same data as the World Bank in its International Comparison Program to calculate instead (using an econometric technique) what he describes as “true PPPs.” Using these shows that “the standard of living in the poorest countries is now only about half the level estimated using the World Bank’s PPPs.”11"
33.024;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 842";"The comparisons do provide useful information. But the large margin of uncertainty around this information should never be forgotten."
33.025;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 851";"Solow’s model of growth remained the basic workhorse theory until the 1980s. It said that the economy’s growth of its total output depended on the growth in the inputs needed—land or materials, labor and capital—and an unexplained remainder or residual labeled “technical progress.”"
33.026;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 872";"The Marshall Aid–funded increase in investment succeeded brilliantly in achieving the Plan’s aims of turning previously hostile and dreadfully impoverished nations into peaceful, prosperous trading partners. The United States’ Marshall Plan remains one of the most visionary acts of statesmanship ever put into practice."
33.027;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1066";"The indicator he launched, the Human Development Index (HDI), built on the idea of measuring capabilities rather than income."
33.028;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1087";"The gap between incomes per capita of the world’s poorest and richest countries has soared in the past half century. But in many other ways—the indicators included in the HDI—there is good news."
33.029;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1116";"Even those that had been gathering some kind of national income statistics for a long period did not have data series that were consistent over time because the definitions had changed so much. Thirty years’ worth of annual data for sixty countries is not much when it comes to testing detailed causal explanations of growth, especially with one year’s figures similar to the previous year’s (because GDP and its components do not change much over time—the norm is a change of 1–3 percent a year)."
33.03;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1136";"It is not possible to explore these dynamics of innovation without having long runs of economic statistics."
33.031;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1138";"This means that until just over ten years ago, economists trying to explain growth were really flying blind."
33.032;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1169";"Studies of businesses investing in computer and communications equipment in the United States in the 1990s and 2000s indicate that without restructuring the business, productivity gains are small. But those that do restructure experience very large improvements in productivity.6"
33.033;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1213";"As the word suggests, productivity is related to products. It measures number of units of output per unit of inputs. The main input in a service business is the time spent by the employees on their job. What is the output of a teacher, though? Number of children processed through the school?"
33.034;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1219";"These are, of course, unanswerable questions. The concept doesn’t really fit. Yet services account for more than two-thirds of GDP in the OECD economies."
33.035;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1231";"Over the decades and centuries, the price of a lumen or unit of light fell dramatically. At the same time, the quality of lighting increased profoundly.11 The raw statistics that go into the estimates of GDP—the number of candles bought or the number of light bulbs and lamps—never fully captured the scale of either the decline in price or the improvement in quality."
33.036;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1254";"the Boskin Commission. As discussed earlier, its 1996 report concluded that by failing to take account of the quality changes in goods such as computers, cameras, and phones, the U.S. Consumer Price Index had been overstating the rate of inflation by 1.3 percentage points a year, and correspondingly understating real GDP growth by compensating for phantom price increases. What appeared to be rising prices (or less rapidly declining prices) in fact reflected massive improvements in quality and in the benefits consumers derived from these goods."
33.037;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1258";"The other consequence of the commission’s report was that statistical agencies in the United States and elsewhere increasingly turned to the use of what is known as “hedonic” price indexes in calculating the general price index to turn dollar GDP figures into a real-terms measure."
33.038;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1261";"The aim of a hedonic index is to take account of quality changes in order to figure out the true price of the underlying benefit to the user. To calculate the hedonic price of a computer is to seek the price of certain characteristics that are bundled up in a computer. The statisticians take the actual price paid for personal computers of all kinds, and also gather data on the different characteristics of the machines people are buying. What is their memory size? Screen size and resolution? Do they have built-in Wi-Fi? The actual price is then regressed on these various characteristics—that"
33.039;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1271";"That was to switch to counting purchases of software by companies as a form of investment rather than a purchase of an intermediate good as it had been."
33.04;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1300";"In a book published in 1996 I noted the phenomenon that growth in GDP for more than a decade had literally not weighed anything: all the incremental value-added growth was in intangibles of one kind or another.16 A measure of the national economy designed for tangible, physical products only is not really a good measure of an increasingly weightless economy."
33.041;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1303";"The lesson to draw from this discussion is that GDP is not, and was never intended to be, a measure of welfare. It measures production."
33.042;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1394";"A reason to be suspicious can be found in the United Kingdom’s GDP statistics for the final quarter of 2008, the period during which Lehman Brothers went bankrupt and the global money markets were on the verge of ceasing to function. In that quarter, the statistics showed the fastest growth in the United Kingdom’s financial sector on record. The figures suggested finance was making roughly the same contribution as manufacturing to the economy."
33.043;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1412";"Unable to imagine when this was written that banking could be subtracting value from the economy, statisticians sought to find a way of measuring these earnings from financial intermediation. So for many years the convention was to count financial services as the negative output of an imaginary segment of the economy. It is, to use a phrase from Alice in Wonderland, curiouser and curiouser. As the financial services industry grew throughout the 1980s, the approach changed again, and the 1993 update of the UN System of National Accounts introduced the concept of “financial intermediation services indirectly measured,” or FISIM. This current measure compares banks’ borrowing and lending rates on their loan and deposit portfolios to a risk-free “reference rate” such as the central bank’s policy rate, and multiplies the difference by the stock of outstanding balances in each case. The practical difficulties are enormous, especially when it comes to translating this into an inflation-adjusted or real-terms figure.10 But in principle it made sense as a way of measuring the service provided by banks in taking on risk."
33.044;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1474";"The financial crisis has led many people to question the way only the monetary values that are measured by GDP seem to matter. The financial sector seems to symbolize the undue weight society gives to the growth of some activities rather than others. The crisis has given fresh impetus to the continuing debate about whether we should be measuring GDP and paid-for output, or instead looking for a measure of well-being or social welfare."
33.045;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1488";"Richard Stone, one of the founding fathers of national accounts, was perfectly up-front about the arbitrariness of what was included and how: “This treatment, whereby commercial products are valued at market price, government services are valued at cost and unpaid household activities are simply ignored, is not a matter of principle but of practical convenience. It can be defended, therefore, only on practical grounds.”21 The imaginary"
33.046;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1523";"In developing countries, the proportion of GDP accounted for by economic activity that stays outside the official net for taxes and scrutiny is high: the “informal” economy will be large in a poor country where many people work as self-employed entrepreneurs, farmers, or day laborers. In developed countries, the proportion is variable, ranging from around 7 percent of GDP in the United States and 8 percent of GDP in Switzerland to 20 percent in Italy and 25 percent in Greece (all 2012 estimates). The average is about 15 percent of GDP. In the formerly communist “transition” economies, the typical share of the shadow economy is 21–30 percent, and in poorer developing economies 35–44 percent of GDP. The informal economy has been growing in size around the"
33.047;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1561";"Even in good times, however, the scale of this informal, unpaid work is significant: it accounts for more than half of all the time people spend working. If this is valued at money wages paid for similar work, it is equivalent to 1.85 times the size of the conventional national product figure for the United Kingdom in 2001.27 Although the figure will vary among countries, the importance of this activity, conventionally but arbitrarily excluded from official GDP statistics, is universal. It would be paradoxical if most statistical agencies continue not to produce estimates of household production, if they are now going to follow the official methodology and try to measure illegal marketed activities."
33.048;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1624";"the empirical evidence for the happiness bandwagon is weak. The idea that once countries had grown comfortably rich, it is folly to pursue further economic growth, has struck a chord. It is important, though, to be clear that GDP is not and was not intended to be a measure of national welfare. Economists have repeatedly cautioned themselves and others not to get the two mixed up."
33.049;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1773";"GDP underrecords growth by failing to capture fully the increase in the range of products in the economy. It is a poor way to measure innovation and customization, and the extent to which it undermeasures them is extremely large."
33.05;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1774";"also fails to record at all another increasingly important category, namely, preventive goods or services."
33.051;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1812";"Just as “output” is a concept best suited to an economy made up of products rather than services, and similar, mass-produced products at that, so is “productivity.”"
33.052;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1869";"The gap between what a consumer pays and the value he or she receives from the purchase is called “consumer surplus,” and the growing prevalence of zero-priced goods and services online seems to be increasing consumer surplus.14"
33.053;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1882";"Official statisticians need to start thinking about how to measure better the production and consumption of “information” or digital products that clearly deliver value to consumers. Because GDP measures only monetary transactions, the new “free” business models are not being well measured, and neither are the new types of activity with zero market price but of great value to consumers."
33.054;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1963";"Despite such caveats, GDP does a good job of measuring how fast (or not) the output of “the economy” is growing, and GDP growth is closely linked to social welfare. GDP struggles with measuring innovation, quality, and intangibles, but it does a better job than any currently available alternative."
33.055;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1971";"National statistical offices should either do regular time-use surveys so they can monitor the informal economy, or develop other measures of household production. There is no good rationale for ignoring it, and it is no harder to measure than illegal drugs or prostitution."
33.056;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 1997";"National statisticians in the developed economies have perhaps not been best placed to experiment with online or mobile collection of raw data."
33.057;"Gdp: a Brief but Affectionate History";"Location 2026";"Meanwhile, it is above all important not to confuse GDP with social welfare. The way the economy has changed has made the gap between GDP and welfare bigger than it used to be."
34.001;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 153";"“If you want to get to the truth about what makes us different, it’s this,” Bezos says, veering into a familiar Jeffism: “We are genuinely customer-centric, we are genuinely long-term oriented and we genuinely like to invent. Most companies are not those things. They are focused on the competitor, rather than the customer. They want to work on things that will pay dividends in two or three years, and if they don’t work in two or three years they will move on to something else. And they prefer to be close-followers rather than inventors, because it’s safer. So if you want to capture the truth about Amazon, that is why we are different. Very few companies have all of those three elements.”"
34.002;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 179";"The goal of this book is to tell the story behind one of the greatest entrepreneurial successes since Sam Walton flew his two-seat turboprop across the American South to scope out prospective Walmart store sites. It’s the tale of how one gifted child grew into an extraordinarily driven and versatile CEO and how he, his family, and his colleagues bet heavily on a revolutionary network called the Internet, and on the grandiose vision of a single store that sells everything."
34.003;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 454";"One of their driving goals was to create something superior to the existing online bookstores, including Books.com, the website of the Cleveland-based bookstore Book Stacks Unlimited. “As crazy as it might sound, it did appear that the first challenge was to do something better than these other guys,” Davis says. “There was competition already. It wasn’t as if Jeff was coming up with something completely new.”"
34.004;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 1137";"The high-tech community was getting a lesson in the dynamics of network effects—products or services become increasingly valuable as more people use them. In online marketplaces, the network effect was pervasive; sellers stuck around for access to a critical mass of buyers, and vice versa. In the auctions category, eBay already had an insurmountable advantage."
34.005;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 1488";"The Amazon we know today, with all of its attributes and idiosyncrasies, is in many ways a product of the obstacles Bezos and Amazon navigated during the dot-com crash, a response to the widespread lack of faith in the company and its leadership."
34.006;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 1584";"When both teams met for the first time, Bezos made a big show of keeping one chair open at the conference-room table, “for the customer,” he explained."
34.007;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 1627";"Bezos was obsessed with the customer experience, and anyone who didn’t have the same single-minded focus or who he felt wasn’t demonstrating a capacity for thinking big bore the brunt of his considerable temper."
34.008;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 1756";"“It’s not fun picking up the Times and seeing your picture above the fold accused of insider trading. We are all products of what we’ve been through. This is one of the things that made Jeff the person he is. That scar does not heal easily.”"
34.009;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 2431";"Bezos’s counterintuitive point was that coordination among employees wasted time, and that the people closest to problems were usually in the best position to solve them. That would come to represent something akin to the conventional wisdom in the high-tech industry over the next decade."
34.01;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 2441";"So he framed the kind of employees he wanted in simple terms. All new hires had to directly improve the outcome of the company. He wanted doers—engineers, developers, perhaps merchandise buyers, but not managers. “We didn’t want to be a monolithic army of program managers, à la Microsoft. We wanted independent teams to be entrepreneurial,” says Neil Roseman. Or, as Roseman also put it: “Autonomous working units are good. Things to manage working units are bad.” But as was often"
34.011;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 2539";"As part of his ongoing quest for a better allocation of his own time, he decreed that he would no longer have one-on-one meetings with his subordinates. These meetings tended to be filled with trivial updates and political distractions, rather than problem solving and brainstorming. Even today, Bezos rarely meets alone with an individual colleague."
34.012;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 2542";"Up until that time, Amazon employees had been using Microsoft’s PowerPoint and Excel spreadsheet software to present their ideas in meetings. Bezos believed that method concealed lazy thinking."
34.013;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 2546";"Bezos announced that employees could no longer use such corporate crutches and would have to write their presentations in prose, in what he called narratives."
34.014;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 2557";"Bezos refined the formula even further. Every time a new feature or product was proposed, he decreed that the narrative should take the shape of a mock press release. The goal was to get employees to distill a pitch into its purest essence, to start from something the customer might see—the public announcement—and work backward. Bezos didn’t believe anyone could make a good decision about a feature or a product without knowing precisely how it would be communicated to the world—and what the hallowed customer would make of it."
34.015;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 2595";"That was a typical interaction with Jeff. He had this unbelievable ability to be incredibly intelligent about things he had nothing to do with, and he was totally ruthless about communicating it.”"
34.016;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 2611";"“Those guys could be brutal,” says Mark Mastandrea. “You had to be comfortable saying, ‘I don’t know; I’ll get back to you in a couple of hours,’ and then doing it. You could not ever bullshit or make stuff up. That would be the end.” T. E. Mullane worked in Amazon’s"
34.017;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 2851";"At quarterly board meetings, he asked each director to share an example of the institutional no from his or her own past. Bezos was preparing his overseers to approve what would be a series of improbable, expensive, and risky bets. He simply refused to accept Amazon’s fate as an unexciting and marginally profitable online retailer. “There’s only one way out of this predicament,” he said repeatedly to employees during this time, “and that is to invent our way out.”"
34.018;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 3051";"the world’s best engineers were fleeing a poisonous Amazon culture and flocking to Google and other hot Internet companies in Silicon Valley. If Bezos was going to prove to the world that Amazon was indeed the technology company that he so desperately claimed it to be, he needed a dramatic breakthrough."
34.019;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 3247";"The comment reflected his distinctive business philosophy. Bezos believed that high margins justified rivals’ investments in research and development and attracted more competition, while low margins attracted customers and were more defensible."
34.02;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 3269";"It is not hyperbole to say that AWS, particularly the original services like S3 and EC2, helped lift the entire technology industry out of a prolonged post-dot-com malaise. Amazon also completely outflanked the great hardware makers of the time, like Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard, and defined the next wave of corporate computing."
34.021;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 3393";"Bezos ultimately concluded that if Amazon was to continue to thrive as a bookseller in a new digital age, it must own the e-book business in the same way that Apple controlled the music business. “It is far better to cannibalize yourself than have someone else do it,” said Diego Piacentini in a speech at Stanford’s Graduate School of Business a few years later. “We didn’t want to be Kodak.” The reference was to the century-old photography giant whose engineers had invented digital cameras in the 1970s but whose profit margins were so healthy that its executives couldn’t bear to risk it all on an unproven venture in a less profitable frontier."
34.022;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 3431";"By that time, Bezos and his executives had devoured and raptly discussed another book that would significantly affect the company’s strategy: The Innovator’s Dilemma, by Harvard professor Clayton Christensen. Christensen wrote that great companies fail not because they want to avoid disruptive change but because they are reluctant to embrace promising new markets that might undermine their traditional businesses and that do not appear to satisfy their short-term growth requirements."
34.023;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 3439";"“Your job is to kill your own business,” he told him. “I want you to proceed as if your goal is to put everyone selling physical books out of a job.” Bezos underscored the urgency of the effort. He believed that if Amazon didn’t lead the world into the age of digital reading, then Apple or Google would. When Kessel asked Bezos what his deadline was on developing the company’s first piece of hardware, an electronic reading device, Bezos told him, “You are basically already late.”"
34.024;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 3665";"Goss admitted to mixed emotions about Amazon. He was proud of the difficult things he and his colleagues had accomplished. But he also found it increasingly hard to reconcile the company’s approach toward its partners with his own Christian values and says that for a year after leaving Amazon, he had post-traumatic stress disorder."
34.025;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 3779";"The development of Fiona set the stage for this new phase in Amazon’s history and revealed the company as relentlessly innovative and disruptive, as well as calculating and ruthless. Amazon’s behavior was a manifestation of Bezos’s own competitive personality and boundless intellect, writ large on the business landscape."
34.026;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 3875";"Over the next few years, Dalzell watched Amazon from afar and marveled at how Bezos turned himself into one of the world’s most admired corporate chiefs. “Jeff does a couple of things better than anyone I’ve ever worked for,” Dalzell says. “He embraces the truth. A lot of people talk about the truth, but they don’t engage their decision-making around the best truth at the time. “The second thing is that he is not tethered by conventional thinking. What is amazing to me is that he is bound only by the laws of physics. He can’t change those. Everything else he views as open to discussion.”"
34.027;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 4783";"Bezos abhors what he calls “social cohesion,” the natural impulse to seek consensus. He’d rather his minions battled it out in arguments backed by numbers and passion, and"
34.028;"The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon";"Location 4903";"“If you look at why Amazon is so different than almost any other company that started early on the Internet, it’s because Jeff approached it from the very beginning with that long-term vision,” Hillis continues. “It was a multidecade project. The notion that he can accomplish a huge amount with a larger time frame, if he is steady about it, is fundamentally his philosophy.”"
43.001;"Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley";"Page 26";"an incumbent in a market dominated by a few, with total information asymmetry, and the ability to make prices on the market rather than just take them, has little incentive to increase transparency."
43.002;"Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley";"Page 51";"The classic sign of a shitty startup idea is that it requires at least two (or more!) miracles to succeed."
43.003;"Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley";"Page 81";"Around 2011 or so, and probably still to this day, the priciest word in the global auction on words was “mesothelioma.”"
43.004;"Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley";"Page 82";"What are the costliest Google keywords among relatively high-volume keywords? The ranking changes, but the top ten is always composed of some combination of “insurance,” “loans,” “mortgage,” “classes,” “credit,” “lawyer,” and so"
43.005;"Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley";"Page 93";"People go into startups thinking that the technical problems are the challenges. In practice, the technical stuff is easy, unless you’re incompetent or really at the hairy edge of human knowledge—for example, putting a man on Mars. No, every real problem in startups is a people problem, and as such they’re the hardest to solve, as they often don’t have a real solution, much less a ready software fix. Startups are experiments in group psychology. As CEO, you’re both the therapist leader, and the patient most in need of therapy."
43.006;"Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley";"Page 103";"Silicon Valley is the zoo where the chaos monkeys are kept, and their numbers only grow in time. With the explosion of venture capital, there is no shortage of bananas to feed them. The question for society is whether it can survive these entrepreneurial chaos monkeys intact, and at what human cost."
43.007;"Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley";"Page 164";"First, the ability to monomaniacally and obsessively focus on one thing and one thing only, at the expense of everything else in life."
43.008;"Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley";"Page 384";"submit that the role of modern-day Big Brother is actually played by companies you’ve likely never heard about. Companies with names like Axciom, Experian, Epsilon, Merkle, and Neustar (among others). These are the companies that since the dawn of the direct-marketing age in the sixties and seventies have been tracking all of consumer America. They know your name, address, phone number, email address, education level, rough income, who else is in your household and their ages and spending patterns, and which consumer segment you fit into—and they’ve been accumulating this information since before the Internet even existed."
43.009;"Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley";"Page 385";"By the Post Office’s own figures, direct-mail advertising resulted in over $17 billion in revenue to the Post Office in postage alone, propping up what would otherwise be a bankrupt organization. The entire direct-mail industry, that crap in the mail you throw away, is surely north of a $50 billion a year industry if you consider design, printing, targeting data, and postage. To put that in perspective, all of Google makes just over that much in a year. In 2014, online marketers spent about $19 billion on display (basically, the Internet other than Google and Facebook). So we’ve got almost another Google, three Internets, or three Facebooks of money waiting in the offline sidelines."
43.01;"Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley";"Page 387";"Think about it: Media publishers like Facebook and Google are just more efficient versions of the post office. They deliver a message for money. They’ll even give you a return receipt if you ask for it. What’s different is the address they use to send it. In our mediated age, we’ve gotten to the point that a Facebook or Google user ID is a better way of reaching you than a name or physical address. I can scar your retinas for almost nothing (relatively) if I know your Facebook user ID; your name and address would do nothing for me—unless, of course, they provided the primary key to a database of buying behavior spanning decades. Which they do, and that’s the only reason, along with the legacy inertia of big-company business relationships, that Acxiom, Epsilon, et al. are even still in business."
43.011;"Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley";"Page 423";"So what happens to those globe-spanning bid requests, assuming they don’t drown in their trans-Atlantic undersea cable? The people listening for your presence in billions of such requests per day are known as “demand-side platforms” (DSPs), and they’re the stockbrokers of this real-time media world, working in the employ of the advertiser or agency who wants to sell you something.* The DSP quickly unpacks the bid request, and queries its data for anything it knows about you: sites you’ve browsed, shopping carts you’ve abandoned, that airfare quote you got and never acted upon. They’re all there and returned within milliseconds via state-of-the-art databases hyperoptimized for the purpose. Much of that data isn’t even directly observed by the advertisers in question. Companies have done deals for the right to rent a little piece of the webpage on sites of commercial interest, just enough to touch your browser and see who you are. These data brokers put you in some targeting segment—for example, “travel intenders” (i.e., people about to spend money on hotels)—and then resell you as “third-party data.” Since everyone has a pseudonym for you via your Web browser, and that browser is known to Facebook, Google, and everyone else, that data can be used to target you. This is all anonymous (in the sense of Facebook data never leaking out), but it’s everything you do online. All of it is more spice in the targeting sausage going through the advertising meat grinder, and is trafficked millions of times per second (whether you know or like it or not)."
43.012;"Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley";"Page 425";"For someone who had spotted the resemblance between Goldman Sachs and Facebook within an hour of meeting the latter, I had forgotten my lessons learned at the former. When it came to monetization, Facebook had no interest in real innovation. It liked its faxes. Like any large company, Facebook would always aim to create monopoly pricing power and maintain information asymmetry, rather than drive true innovation. If Facebook played with the outside world, it always played with loaded dice."
43.013;"Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley";"Page 451";"Google comes from the search world, in which a person simply types in a request for something. All Google has to do is get that person to the storefront. The value of a Google click is immense and expensive (which is why Google prints money). The value of a viewthrough to them is nil. In fact, it’s so nil that Google opts not to even show you an ad if your query doesn’t seem commercial, choosing to show you a blank billboard much of the time. Roughly half of Google queries don’t generate ads in the space next to them; test it yourself. To Google, the claims of viewthrough value seem bogus, an attempt to justify wasteful media spending. As a result, its ad server counts only clickthroughs. Its manual explicitly states, “Clicks trump impressions,” and Google drives that point home in every demo."
46.001;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 81";"In 1990 I began asking the two questions that would eventually help shape this book. First, “Why is success so difficult to sustain?” And second, “Is successful innovation really as unpredictable as the data suggests?”"
46.002;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 91";"What often causes this lagging behind are two principles of good management taught in business schools: that you should always listen to and respond to the needs of your best customers, and that you should focus investments on those innovations that promise the highest returns."
46.003;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 93";"But these two principles, in practice, actually sow the seeds of every successful company’s ultimate demise. That’s why we call it the innovator’s dilemma: doing the right thing is the wrong thing. This dilemma rears its head when a type of innovation that we’ve termed disruptive technology arises at the low end of the market, in the simplest, most unassuming applications. Explaining this paradox is the purpose of this book."
46.004;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 148";"But this book is not about companies with such weaknesses: It is about well-managed companies that have their competitive antennae up, listen astutely to their customers, invest aggressively in new technologies, and yet still lose market dominance."
46.005;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 201";"One theme common to all of these failures, however, is that the decisions that led to failure were made when the leaders in question were widely regarded as among the best companies in the world."
46.006;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 206";"but that there is something about the way decisions get made in successful organizations that sows the seeds of eventual failure."
46.007;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 207";"It shows that in the cases of well-managed firms such as those cited above, good management was the most powerful reason they failed to stay atop their industries. Precisely became these firms listened to their customers, invested aggressively in new technologies that would provide their customers more and better products of the sort they wanted, and because they carefully studied market trends and systematically allocated investment capital to innovations that promised the best returns, they lost their positions of leadership."
46.008;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 212";"There are times at which it is right not to listen to customers, right to invest in developing lower-performance products that promise lower margins, and right to aggressively pursue small, rather than substantial, markets."
46.009;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 259";"What all sustaining technologies have In common is that they improve the performance of established products, along the dimensions of performance that mainstream customers in major markets have historically valued. Most technological advances in a given industry are sustaining in character, An important finding revealed in this book is that rarely have even the most radically difficult sustaining technologies precipitated the failure of leading firms. Occasionally,"
46.01;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 264";"Disruptive technologies bring to a market a very different value proposition than had been available previously. Generally, disruptive technologies underperform established products in mainstream markets. But they have other features that a few fringe (and generally new) customers value. Products based on disruptive technologies are typically cheaper, simpler, smaller, and, frequently, more convenient to use."
46.011;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 321";"Every company in every industry works under certain forces—laws of organizational nature—that act powerfully to define what that company can and cannot do. Managers faced with disruptive technologies fail their companies when these forces overpower them."
46.012;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 346";"With few exceptions, the only instances in which mainstream firms have successfully established a timely position in a disruptive technology were those in which the firms, managers set up an autonomous organization charged with building a new and independent business around the disruptive technology. Such organizations, free of the power of the customers of the mainstream company, ensconce themselves among a different set of customers—those who want the products of the disruptive technology."
46.013;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 353";"It is very difficult for a company whose cost structure is tailored to compete in high-end markets to be profitable in low-end markets as well. Creating an independent organization, with a cost structure honed to achieve profitability at the low margins characteristic of most disruptive technologies, is the only viable way for established firms to harness this principle."
46.014;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 363";"Many large companies adopt a strategy of waiting until new markets are “large enough to be interesting.’’ But the evidence presented in chapter shows why this is not often a successful strategy. Those large established"
46.015;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 379";"In many instances, leadership in sustaining innovations—about which information is known and for which plans can be made—is not competitively important. In such cases, technology followers do about as well as technology leaders. It is in disruptive innovations, where we know least about the market, that there are such strong first-mover advantages. This is the innovator’s dilemma."
46.016;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 517";"Simply put, when the best firms succeeded, they did so because they listened responsively to their customers and invested aggressively in the technology, products, and manufacturing capabilities that satisfied their customers’ next-generation needs. But, paradoxically, when the best firms subsequently failed, it was for the same reasons—they listened responsively to their customers and invested aggressively in the technology, products, and manufacturing capabilities that satisfied their customers’ next-generation needs. This is one of the innovator’s dilemmas: Blindly following the maxim that good managers should keep close to their customers can sometimes be a fatal mistake."
46.017;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 593";"This study of technological change over the history of the disk drive industry revealed two types of technology change, each with very different effects on the industry’s leaders. Technologies of the first sort sustained the industry’s rate of improvement in product performance (total capacity and recording density were the two most common measures) and ranged in difficulty from incremental to radical. The industry’s dominant firms always led in developing and adopting these technologies. By contrast, innovations of the second sort disrupted or redefined performance trajectories—and consistently resulted in the failure of the industry’s leading firms."
46.018;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 654";"The established firms were the leading innovators not just in developing risky, complex, and expensive component technologies such as thin-film heads and disks, but in literally every other one of the sustaining innovations in the industry’s history."
46.019;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 680";"Generally disruptive innovations were technologically straightforward, consisting of off-the-shelf components put together in a product architecture that was often simpler than prior"
46.02;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 782";"The fear of cannibalizing sales of existing products is often cited as a reason why established firms delay the introduction of new technologies."
46.021;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 825";"In the context of the preceding analysis of the disk drive industry, this question can be sharpened considerably. The established firms were, in fact, aggressive, innovative, and customer-sensitive in their approaches to sustaining innovations of every sort. But the problem established firms seem unable to confront successfully is that of downward vision and mobility, in terms of the trajectory map. Finding new applications and markets for these new products seems to be a capability that each of these firms exhibited once, upon entry, and then apparently lost. It was as if the leading firms were held captive by their customers, enabling attacking entrant firms to topple the incumbent industry leaders each time a disruptive technology emerged."
46.022;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 970";"The concept of the value network—the context within which a firm identifies and responds to customers’ needs, solves problems, procures input, reacts to competitors, and strives for profit—is central to this synthesis."
46.023;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 1048";"The cost structures characteristic of each value network can have a powerful effect on the sorts of innovations firms deem profitable. Essentially, innovations that are valued within a firm’s value network, or in a network where characteristic gross margins are higher, will be perceived as profitable. Those technologies whose attributes make them valuable only in networks with lower gross margins, on the other hand, will not be viewed as profitable, and are unlikely to attract resources or managerial interest."
46.024;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 1112";"Good managers do what makes sense, and what makes sense is primarily shaped by their value network."
46.025;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 1126";"Although entrants led in commercializing disruptive technologies, their development was often the work of engineers at established firms, using bootlegged resources. Rarely initiated by senior management, these architecturally innovative designs almost always employed off-the-shelf components."
46.026;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 1178";"The start-ups, however, were as unsuccessful as their former employers in attracting established computer makers to the disruptive architecture. Consequently, they had to find new customers."
46.027;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 1262";"The technology S-curve is often used to predict whether an emerging technology is likely to supplant an established one. The operative trigger is the slope of the curve of the established technology."
46.028;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 1272";"Furthermore, the value network suggests that technology S-curves are useful predictors only with sustaining technologies. Disruptive technologies generally improve at a parallel pace with established ones—their trajectories do not intersect. The S-curve framework, therefore, asks the wrong question when it is used to assess disruptive technology."
46.029;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 1317";"Disruptive innovations are complex because their value and application are uncertain, according to the criteria used by incumbent firms."
46.03;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 1334";"Richard Tedlow noted in his history of retailing in America (in which supermarkets and discount retailing play the role of disruptive technologies), “the most formidable barrier the established firms faced is that they did not want to do this.” 25 5. In"
46.031;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 1338";"At its core, therefore, the issue may be the relative flexibility of successful established firms versus entrant firms to change strategies and cost structures, not technologies."
46.032;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 1556";"This is typical of industries facing a disruptive technology: The leading firms in the established technology remain financially strong until the disruptive technology is, in fact, in the midst of their mainstream market."
46.033;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 1570";"The established firms steadfastly focused their innovative investments on their customers. Subsequent chapters will show that this strategic choice is present in most instances of disruptive innovation. Consistently, established firms attempt to push the technology into their established markets, while the successful entrants find a new market that values the technology."
46.034;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 1608";"So, as we have seen before, these companies did not fail because the technology wasn’t available. They did not fail because they lacked information about hydraulics or how to use it; indeed, the best of them used it as soon as it could help their customers. They did not fail because management was sleepy or arrogant. They failed because hydraulics didn’t make sense—until it was too late."
46.035;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 1856";"Three factors—the promise of upmarket margins, the simultaneous upmarket movement of many of a company’s customers, and the difficulty of cutting costs to move downmarket profitably—together create powerful barriers to downward mobility."
46.036;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 2014";"The cause of failure could not be solely attributed to established firms’ inadequate competence in new technological fields or their inability to stay atop their industry’s “technological mudslide.” Of course, these problems do afflict some companies. But as a general rule, the evidence is very strong that as long as the new technology was required to address the needs of their customers, established firms were able to muster the expertise, capital, suppliers, energy, and rationale to develop and implement the requisite technology both competitively and effectively."
46.037;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 2029";"Successful companies want their resources to be focused on activities that address customers’ needs, that promise higher profits, that are technologically feasible, and that help them play in substantial markets. Yet, to expect the processes that accomplish these things also to do something like nurturing disruptive technologies—to focus resources on proposals that customers reject, that offer lower profit, that underperform existing technologies and can only be sold in insignificant markets—is akin to flapping one’s arms with wings strapped to them in an attempt to fly. Such expectations involve fighting some fundamental tendencies about the way successful organizations work and about how their performance is evaluated. Part Two of this book"
46.038;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 2102";"One option is to convince everyone in the firm that the company should pursue it anyway, that it has long-term strategic importance despite rejection by the customers who pay the bills and despite lower profitability than the upmarket alternatives. The other option would be to create an independent organization and embed it among emerging customers that do need the technology."
46.039;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 2224";"Four times it withdrew from the personal computer market. Why? DEC launched all four forays from within the mainstream company. 8 For all of the reasons so far recounted, even though executive-level decisions lay behind the move into the PC business, those who made the day-to-day resource allocation decisions in the company never saw the sense in investing the necessary money, time, and energy in low-margin products that their customers didn’t want."
46.04;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 2405";"the most straightforward way of confronting this difficulty is to implant projects aimed at commercializing disruptive technologies in organizations small enough to get excited about small-market opportunities, and to do so on a regular basis even while the mainstream company is growing."
46.041;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 2442";"There is no evidence that any of the leaders in developing and adopting sustaining technologies developed a discernible competitive advantage over the followers."
46.042;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 2445";"In contrast to the evidence that leadership in sustaining technologies has historically conferred little advantage on the pioneering disk drive firms, there is strong evidence that leadership in disruptive technology has been very important."
46.043;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 2572";"The executives’ actions were a symptom of a deeper problem: Small markets cannot satisfy the near-term growth requirements of big organizations."
46.044;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 2667";"In sustaining technologies, in fact, evidence strongly suggests that companies which focus on extending the performance of conventional technologies, and choose to be followers in adopting new ones, can remain strong and competitive. This is not the case with disruptive technologies, however. There are enormous returns and significant first-mover advantages associated with early entry into the emerging markets in which disruptive technologies are initially used."
46.045;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 2970";"The dominant difference between successful ventures and failed ones, generally, is not the astuteness of their original strategy. Guessing the right strategy at the outset isn’t nearly as important to success as conserving enough resources (or having the relationships with trusting backers or investors) so that new business initiatives get a second or third stab at getting it right. Those that run out of resources or credibility before they can iterate toward a viable strategy are the ones that fail."
46.046;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 2982";"the findings in this book about the disk drive industry. When demand for an innovation was assured, as was the case with sustaining technologies, the industry’s established leaders were capable of placing huge, long, and risky bets to develop whatever technology was required. When demand was not assured, as was the case in disruptive technologies, the established firms could not even make the technologically straightforward bets required to commercialize such innovations."
46.047;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 2992";"But in disruptive situations, action must be taken before careful plans are made. Because much less can be known about what markets need or how large they can become, plans must serve a very different purpose: They must be plans for learning rather than plans for implementation. By approaching a disruptive business with the mindset that they can’t know where the market is, managers would identify what critical information about new markets is most necessary and in what sequence that information is needed. Project and business plans would mirror those priorities, so that key pieces of information would be created, or important uncertainties resolved, before expensive commitments of capital, time, and money were required."
46.048;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3015";"I have come to call this approach to discovering the emerging markets for disruptive technologies agnostic marketing, by which I mean marketing under an explicit assumption that no one—not us, not our customers—can know whether, how, or in what quantities a disruptive product can or will be used before they have experience using it."
46.049;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3060";"Unfortunately, some managers don’t think as rigorously about whether their organizations have the capability to successfully execute jobs that may be given to them."
46.05;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3173";"The leading disk drive companies had the resources—the people, money, and technology—required to succeed at both sustaining and disruptive technologies. But their processes and values constituted disabilities in their efforts to succeed at disruptive technologies."
46.051;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3267";"If the acquiree’s processes and values were the reason for its historical success, a better strategy is to let the business stand alone, and for the parent to infuse its resources into the acquired firm’s processes and values. This strategy, in essence, truly constitutes the acquisition of new capabilities."
46.052;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3302";"Companies that have tried to develop new capabilities within established organizational units also have a spotty track record, unfortunately."
46.053;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3337";"When a threatening disruptive technology requires a different cost structure in order to be profitable and competitive, or when the current size of the opportunity is insignificant relative to the growth needs of the mainstream organization, then—and only then—is a spin-out organization a required part of the solution."
46.054;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3340";"How separate does the effort need to be? The primary requirement is that the project cannot be forced to compete with projects in the mainstream organization for resources. Because values are the criteria by which prioritization decisions are made, projects that are inconsistent with a company’s mainstream values will naturally be accorded lowest priority. Whether the independent organization is physically separate is less important than is its independence from the normal resource allocation process."
46.055;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3419";"The reasons why innovation often seems to be so difficult for established firms is that they employ highly capable people, and then set them to work within processes and values that weren’t designed to facilitate success with the task at hand."
46.056;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3499";"Generally, once the performance level demanded of a particular attribute has been achieved, customers indicate their satiation by being less willing to pay a premium price for continued improvement in that attribute. Hence, performance oversupply triggers a shift in the basis of competition, and the criteria used by customers to choose one product over another changes to attributes for which market demands are not yet satisfied."
46.057;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3548";"This evolving pattern in the basis of competition—from functionality, to reliability and convenience, and finally to price—has been seen in many of the markets so far discussed. In fact, a key characteristic of a disruptive technology is that it heralds a change in the basis of competition."
46.058;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3560";"In general, companies that have succeeded in disruptive innovation initially took the characteristics and capabilities of the technology for granted and sought to find or create a new market that would value or accept those attributes."
46.059;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3565";"The companies toppled by these disruptive technologies, in contrast, each took the established market’s needs as given, and did not attempt to market the technology until they felt it was good enough to be valued in the mainstream market."
46.06;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3574";"In the instances studied in this book, established firms confronted with disruptive technology typically viewed their primary development challenge as a technological one: to improve the disruptive technology enough that it suits known markets. In contrast, the firms that were most successful in commercializing a disruptive technology were those framing their primary development challenge as a marketing one: to build or find a market where product competition occurred along dimensions that favored the disruptive attributes of the product."
46.061;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3578";"It is critical that managers confronting disruptive technology observe this principle. If history is any guide, companies that keep disruptive technologies bottled up in their labs, working to improve them until they suit mainstream markets, will not be nearly as successful as firms that find markets that embrace the attributes of disruptive technologies as they initially stand. These latter firms, by creating a commercial base and then moving upmarket, will ultimately address the mainstream market much more effectively than will firms that have framed disruptive technology as a laboratory, rather than a marketing, challenge."
46.062;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3814";"In other words, as an automotive company executive, I would worry about the electric vehicle, not just because it is politically correct to be investing in environmentally friendly technologies, but because electric vehicles have the smell of a disruptive technology."
46.063;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3851";"Historically, as we have seen, the very attributes that make disruptive technologies uncompetitive in mainstream markets actually count as positive attributes in their emerging value network."
46.064;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3860";"The only useful information about the market will be what I create through expeditions into the market, through testing and probing, trial and error, by selling real products to real people who pay real money."
46.065;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3939";"Disruptive technologies typically have a lower sticker price per unit than products that are used in the mainstream, even though their cost in use is often higher."
46.066;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3961";"The reason these companies view a breakthrough in battery technology as the critical bottleneck to the commercial success of electric vehicles, of course, is that their executives have positioned their minds and their products in the mainstream market. For Chrysler, this means an electric minivan; for Ford, an electric Ranger. Given this position, they must deliver a sustaining technological impact from what is inherently a disruptive technology. They need a breakthrough in battery technology because they made the choice to somehow position electric vehicles as a sustaining technology."
46.067;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 3995";"established firms that successfully built a strong market position in a disruptive technology were those that spun off from the mainstream company an independent, autonomously operated organization."
46.068;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 4121";"We have learned in this book that in their straightforward search for profit and growth, some very capable executives in some extraordinarily successful companies, using the best managerial techniques, have led their firms toward failure."
46.069;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 4130";"First, the pace of progress that markets demand or can absorb may be different from the progress offered by technology. This means that products that do not appear to be useful to our customers today (that is, disruptive technologies) may squarely address their needs tomorrow."
46.07;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 4167";"Sixth, it is not wise to adopt a blanket technology strategy to be always a leader or always a follower. Companies need to take distinctly different postures depending on whether they are addressing a disruptive or a sustaining technology. Disruptive innovations entail significant first-mover advantages: Leadership is important. Sustaining situations, however, very often do not. The evidence is quite strong that companies whose strategy is to extend the performance of conventional technologies through consistent incremental improvements do about as well as companies whose strategy is to take big, industry-leading technological leaps."
46.071;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 4195";"In The Innovator’s Dilemma, Professor Clayton Christensen asks the question: Why do well-managed companies fail? He concludes that they often fail because the very management practices that have allowed them to become industry leaders also make it extremely difficult for them to develop the disruptive technologies that ultimately steal away their markets."
46.072;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 4197";"Well-managed companies are excellent at developing the sustaining technologies that improve the performance of their products in the ways that matter to their customers. This is because their management practices are biased toward: Listening to customers Investing aggressively in technologies that give those customers what they say they want Seeking higher margins Targeting larger markets rather than smaller ones"
46.073;"The Innovator's Dilemma: when New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change)";"Location 4203";"Disruptive technologies, however, are distinctly different from sustaining technologies. Disruptive technologies change the value proposition in a market. When they first appear, they almost always offer lower performance in terms of the attributes that mainstream customers care about."
51.001;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 32";"Deep Work: Professional activities performed in a state of distraction-free concentration that push your cognitive capabilities to their limit. These efforts create new value, improve your skill, and are hard to replicate."
51.002;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 72";"Shallow Work: Noncognitively demanding, logistical-style tasks, often performed while distracted. These efforts tend to not create much new value in the world and are easy to replicate."
51.003;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 78";"Spend enough time in a state of frenetic shallowness and you permanently reduce your capacity to perform deep work."
51.004;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 148";"To remain valuable in our economy, therefore, you must master the art of quickly learning complicated things. This task requires deep work. If you don’t cultivate this ability, you’re likely to fall behind as technology advances."
51.005;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 162";"Deep work is so important that we might consider it, to use the phrasing of business writer Eric Barker, “the superpower of the 21st century.”"
51.006;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 166";"The Deep Work Hypothesis: The ability to perform deep work is becoming increasingly rare at exactly the same time it is becoming increasingly valuable in our economy. As a consequence, the few who cultivate this skill, and then make it the core of their working life, will thrive."
51.007;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 189";"Three to four hours a day, five days a week, of uninterrupted and carefully directed concentration, it turns out, can produce a lot of valuable output."
51.008;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 197";"This book is best described as an attempt to formalize and explain my attraction to depth over shallowness, and to detail the types of strategies that have helped me act on this attraction."
51.009;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 251";"In other words, those with the oracular ability to work with and tease valuable results out of increasingly complex machines will thrive. Tyler Cowen summarizes this reality more bluntly: “The key question will be: are you good at working with intelligent machines or not?” Nate Silver, of course, with"
51.01;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 276";"The superstar effect, in other words, has a broader application today than Rosen could have predicted thirty years ago. An increasing number of individuals in our economy are now competing with the rock stars of their sectors."
51.011;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 293";"In this new economy, three groups will have a particular advantage: those who can work well and creatively with intelligent machines, those who are the best at what they do, and those with access to capital."
51.012;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 302";"I just identified two groups that are poised to thrive and that I claim are accessible: those who can work creatively with intelligent machines and those who are stars in their field."
51.013;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 305";"Two Core Abilities for Thriving in the New Economy 1. The ability to quickly master hard things. 2. The ability to produce at an elite level, in terms of both quality and speed."
51.014;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 325";"The point of providing these details is to emphasize that intelligent machines are complicated and hard to master.* To join the group of those who can work well with these machines, therefore, requires that you hone your ability to master hard things. And because these technologies change rapidly, this process of mastering hard things never ends: You must be able to do it quickly, again and again. This ability"
51.015;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 332";"To summarize these observations more succinctly: If you can’t learn, you can’t thrive."
51.016;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 340";"This provides another general observation for joining the ranks of winners in our economy: If you don’t produce, you won’t thrive—no matter how skilled or talented you are."
51.017;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 343";"The two core abilities just described depend on your ability to perform deep work. If you haven’t mastered this foundational skill, you’ll struggle to learn hard things or produce at an elite level."
51.018;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 371";"This brings us to the question of what deliberate practice actually requires. Its core components are usually identified as follows: (1) your attention is focused tightly on a specific skill you’re trying to improve or an idea you’re trying to master; (2) you receive feedback so you can correct your approach to keep your attention exactly where it’s most productive."
51.019;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 392";"To learn hard things quickly, you must focus intensely without distraction. To learn, in other words, is an act of deep work."
51.02;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 449";"“People experiencing attention residue after switching tasks are likely to demonstrate poor performance on that next task,” and the more intense the residue, the worse the performance. The concept"
51.021;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 496";"This specificity is important because it tells us that if you’re a high-level executive at a major company, you probably don’t need the advice in the pages that follow. On the other hand, it also tells us that you cannot extrapolate the approach of these executives to other jobs. The fact that Dorsey encourages interruption or Kerry Trainor checks his e-mail constantly doesn’t mean that you’ll share their success if you follow suit: Their behaviors are characteristic of their specific roles as corporate officers."
51.022;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 560";"To summarize, big trends in business today actively decrease people’s ability to perform deep work, even though the benefits promised by these trends (e.g., increased serendipity, faster responses to requests, and more exposure) are arguably dwarfed by the benefits that flow from a commitment to deep work (e.g., the ability to learn hard things fast and produce at an elite level)."
51.023;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 620";"The Principle of Least Resistance: In a business setting, without clear feedback on the impact of various behaviors to the bottom line, we will tend toward behaviors that are easiest in the moment."
51.024;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 686";"Busyness as Proxy for Productivity: In the absence of clear indicators of what it means to be productive and valuable in their jobs, many knowledge workers turn back toward an industrial indicator of productivity: doing lots of stuff in a visible manner."
51.025;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 872";"Many knowledge workers spend most of their working day interacting with these types of shallow concerns. Even when they’re required to complete something more involved, the habit of frequently checking inboxes ensures that these issues remain at the forefront of their attention. Gallagher teaches us that this is a foolhardy way to go about your day, as it ensures that your mind will construct an understanding of your working life that’s dominated by stress, irritation, frustration, and triviality. The world represented by your inbox, in other words, isn’t a pleasant world to inhabit. Even if your colleagues"
51.026;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 910";"Human beings, it seems, are at their best when immersed deeply in something challenging."
51.027;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 950";"The task of a craftsman, they conclude, “is not to generate meaning, but rather to cultivate in himself the skill of discerning the meanings that are already there.” This"
51.028;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 967";"the medieval quarry worker’s creed in its preface: “We who cut mere stones must always be envisioning cathedrals.”"
51.029;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 982";"The meaning uncovered by such efforts is due to the skill and appreciation inherent in craftsmanship—not the outcomes of their work. Put another way, a wooden wheel is not noble, but its shaping can be. The same applies to knowledge work. You don’t need a rarified job; you need instead a rarified approach to your work."
51.03;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 987";"It follows that to embrace deep work in your own career, and to direct it toward cultivating your skill, is an effort that can transform a knowledge work job from a distracted, draining obligation into something satisfying—a portal to a world full of shining, wondrous things."
51.031;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 1066";"The key to developing a deep work habit is to move beyond good intentions and add routines and rituals to your working life designed to minimize the amount of your limited willpower necessary to transition into and maintain a state of unbroken concentration."
51.032;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 1090";"You must be careful to choose a philosophy that fits your specific circumstances, as a mismatch here can derail your deep work habit before it has a chance to solidify."
51.033;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 1151";"approach is what I call the bimodal philosophy of deep work. This philosophy asks that you divide your time, dedicating some clearly defined stretches to deep pursuits and leaving the rest open to everything else."
51.034;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 1278";"In a New York Times column on the topic, David Brooks summarizes this reality more bluntly: “[Great creative minds] think like artists but work like accountants.”"
51.035;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 1465";"As Christensen later explained, this division between what and how is crucial but is overlooked in the professional world. It’s often straightforward to identify a strategy needed to achieve a goal, but what trips up companies is figuring out how to execute the strategy once identified."
51.036;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 1497";"For an individual focused on deep work, it’s easy to identify the relevant lead measure: time spent in a state of deep work dedicated toward your wildly important goal."
51.037;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 1558";"At the end of the workday, shut down your consideration of work issues until the next morning—no after-dinner e-mail check, no mental replays of conversations, and no scheming about how you’ll handle an upcoming challenge; shut down work thinking completely."
51.038;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 1677";"Decades of work from multiple different subfields within psychology all point toward the conclusion that regularly resting your brain improves the quality of your deep work. When you work, work hard. When you’re done, be done. Your average e-mail response time might suffer some, but you’ll more than make up for this with the sheer volume of truly important work produced during the day by your refreshed ability to dive deeper than your exhausted peers."
51.039;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 1706";"The ability to concentrate intensely is a skill that must be trained."
51.04;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 1717";"Among other insights, Nass’s research revealed that constant attention switching online has a lasting negative effect on your brain."
51.041;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 1727";"To put this more concretely: If every moment of potential boredom in your life—say, having to wait five minutes in line or sit alone in a restaurant until a friend arrives—is relieved with a quick glance at your smartphone, then your brain has likely been rewired to a point where, like the “mental wrecks” in Nass’s research, it’s not ready for deep work—even if you regularly schedule time to practice this concentration."
51.042;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 1753";"I propose an alternative to the Internet Sabbath. Instead of scheduling the occasional break from distraction so you can focus, you should instead schedule the occasional break from focus to give in to distraction."
51.043;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 1800";"As in the workplace variation of this strategy, if the Internet plays a large and important role in your evening entertainment, that’s fine: Schedule lots of long Internet blocks. The key here isn’t to avoid or even to reduce the total amount of time you spend engaging in distracting behavior, but is instead to give yourself plenty of opportunities throughout your evening to resist switching to these distractions at the slightest hint of boredom."
51.044;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 1922";"Daniel Kilov, we can therefore conjecture, didn’t become a star student because of his award-winning memory; it was instead his quest to improve this memory that (incidentally) gave him the deep work edge needed to thrive academically."
51.045;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2085";"The Craftsman Approach to Tool Selection: Identify the core factors that determine success and happiness in your professional and personal life. Adopt a tool only if its positive impacts on these factors substantially outweigh its negative impacts."
51.046;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2123";"The first step of this strategy is to identify the main high-level goals in both your professional and your personal life."
51.047;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2196";"The Law of the Vital Few*: In many settings, 80 percent of a given effect is due to just 20 percent of the possible causes."
51.048;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2392";"The shallow work that increasingly dominates the time and attention of knowledge workers is less vital than it often seems in the moment. For"
51.049;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2402";"we should see the goal of this rule as taming shallow work’s footprint in your schedule, not eliminating it. Then"
51.05;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2436";"We spend much of our day on autopilot—not giving much thought to what we’re doing with our time. This is a problem. It’s difficult to prevent the trivial from creeping into every corner of your schedule if you don’t face, without flinching, your current balance between deep and shallow work, and then adopt the habit of pausing before action and asking, “What makes the most sense right now?”"
51.051;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2484";"In other words, I not only allow spontaneity in my schedule; I encourage it. Joseph’s critique is driven by the mistaken idea that the goal of a schedule is to force your behavior into a rigid plan."
51.052;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2504";"Shallow Work: Noncognitively demanding, logistical-style tasks, often performed while distracted. These efforts tend not to create much new value in the world and are easy to replicate."
51.053;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2515";"How long would it take (in months) to train a smart recent college graduate with no specialized training in my field to complete this task?"
51.054;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2549";"Here’s an important question that’s rarely asked: What percentage of my time should be spent on shallow work? This strategy suggests that you ask it. If you have a boss, in other words, have a conversation about this question."
51.055;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2553";"For most people in most non-entry-level knowledge work jobs, the answer to the question will be somewhere in the 30 to 50 percent range (there’s a psychological distaste surrounding the idea of spending the majority of your time on unskilled tasks,"
51.056;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2594";"call this commitment fixed-schedule productivity, as I fix the firm goal of not working past a certain time, then work backward to find productivity strategies that allow me to satisfy this declaration."
51.057;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2657";"Fixed-schedule productivity, in other words, is a meta-habit that’s simple to adopt but broad in its impact. If you have to choose just one behavior that reorients your focus toward the deep, this one should be high on your list of possibilities."
51.058;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2753";"Process-Centric Response to E-mail #2: “I agree that we should return to this problem. Here’s what I suggest… “Sometime in the next week e-mail me everything you remember about our discussion on the problem. Once I receive that message, I’ll start a shared directory for the project and add to it a document that summarizes what you sent me, combined with my own memory of our past discussion. In the document, I’ll highlight the two or three most promising next steps. “We can then take a crack at those next steps for a few weeks and check back in. I suggest we schedule a phone call for a month from now for this purpose. Below I listed some dates and times when I’m available for a call. When you respond with your notes, indicate the date and time combination that works best for you and we’ll consider that reply confirmation for the call. I look forward to digging into this problem.”"
51.059;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2803";"Professorial E-mail Sorting: Do not reply to an e-mail message if any of the following applies: • It’s ambiguous or otherwise makes it hard for you to generate a reasonable response. • It’s not a question or proposal that interests you. • Nothing really good would happen if you did respond and nothing really bad would happen if you didn’t."
51.06;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2816";"There are two common tropes bandied around when people discuss solutions to e-mail overload. One says that sending e-mails generates more e-mails, while the other says that wrestling with ambiguous or irrelevant e-mails is a major source of inbox-related stress. The approach suggested here responds aggressively to both issues—you send fewer e-mails and ignore those that aren’t easy to process—and by doing so will significantly weaken the grip your inbox maintains over your time and attention."
51.061;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2875";"Perhaps most impactful, I returned to my MIT habit of working on problems in my head whenever a good time presented itself—be it walking the dog or commuting. Whereas earlier, I tended to increase my deep work only as a deadline approached, this year I was relentless—most every day of most every week I was pushing my mind to grapple with results of consequence, regardless of whether or not a specific deadline was near. I solved proofs on subway rides and while shoveling snow. When my son napped on the weekend, I would pace the yard thinking, and when stuck in traffic I would methodically work through problems that were stymieing me."
51.062;"Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World";"Location 2887";"The deep life, of course, is not for everybody. It requires hard work and drastic changes to your habits. For many, there’s a comfort in the artificial busyness of rapid e-mail messaging and social media posturing, while the deep life demands that you leave much of that behind. There’s"
52.001;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 3";"Startup success is not a consequence of good genes or being in the right place at the right time. Startup success can be engineered by following the right process, which means it can be learned, which means it can be taught."
52.002;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 8";"This is a book for entrepreneurs and the people who hold them accountable. The five principles of the Lean Startup, which inform all three parts of this book, are as follows:"
52.003;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 8";"Entrepreneurs are everywhere. You don’t have to work in a garage to be in a startup. The concept of entrepreneurship includes anyone who works within my definition of a startup: a human institution designed to create new products and services under conditions of extreme uncertainty. That means entrepreneurs are everywhere and the Lean Startup approach can work in any size company, even a very large enterprise, in any sector or industry. 2. Entrepreneurship is management. A startup is an institution, not just a product, and so it requires a new kind of management specifically geared to its context of extreme uncertainty. In fact, as I will argue later, I believe “entrepreneur” should be considered a job title in all modern companies that depend on innovation for their future growth. 3. Validated learning. Startups exist not just to make stuff, make money, or even serve customers. They exist to learn how to build a sustainable business. This learning can be validated scientifically by running frequent experiments that allow entrepreneurs to test each element of their vision. 4. Build-Measure-Learn. The fundamental activity of a startup is to turn ideas into products, measure how customers respond, and then learn whether to pivot or persevere. All successful startup processes should be geared to accelerate that feedback loop. 5. Innovation accounting. To improve entrepreneurial outcomes and hold innovators accountable, we need to focus on the boring stuff: how to measure progress, how to set up milestones, and how to prioritize work. This requires a new kind of accounting designed for startups—and the people who hold them accountable."
52.004;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 18";"Lean thinking is radically altering the way supply chains and production systems are run. Among its tenets are drawing on the knowledge and creativity of individual workers, the shrinking of batch sizes, just-in-time production and inventory control, and an acceleration of cycle times."
52.005;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 20";"The goal of a startup is to figure out the right thing to build—the thing customers want and will pay for—as quickly as possible. In other words, the Lean Startup is a new way of looking at the development of innovative new products that emphasizes fast iteration and customer insight, a huge vision, and great ambition, all at the same time."
52.006;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 26";"Entrepreneurs who operate inside an established organization sometimes are called “intrapreneurs” because of the special circumstances that attend building a startup within a larger company. As I have applied Lean Startup ideas in an ever-widening variety of companies and industries, I have come to believe that intrapreneurs have much more in common with the rest of the community of entrepreneurs than most people believe. Thus, when I use the term entrepreneur, I am referring to the whole startup ecosystem regardless of company size, sector, or stage of development."
52.007;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 27";"A startup is a human institution designed to create a new product or service under conditions of extreme uncertainty."
52.008;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 34";"The amount of time a company can count on holding on to market leadership to exploit its earlier innovations is shrinking, and this creates an imperative for even the most entrenched companies to invest in innovation. In fact, I believe a company’s only sustainable path to long-term economic growth is to build an “innovation factory” that uses Lean Startup techniques to create disruptive innovations on a continuous basis."
52.009;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 38";"Validated learning is the process of demonstrating empirically that a team has discovered valuable truths about a startup’s present and future business prospects. It is more concrete, more accurate, and faster than market forecasting or classical business planning. It is the principal antidote to the lethal problem of achieving failure: successfully executing a plan that leads nowhere."
52.01;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 39";"Like most communication networks, IM is thought to follow Metcalfe’s law: the value of a network as a whole is proportional to the square of the number of participants."
52.011;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 48";"Lean thinking defines value as providing benefit to the customer; anything else is waste."
52.012;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 49";"I’ve come to believe that learning is the essential unit of progress for startups. The effort that is not absolutely necessary for learning what customers want can be eliminated. I call this validated learning because it is always demonstrated by positive improvements in the startup’s core metrics. As we’ve seen, it’s easy to kid yourself about what you think customers want. It’s also easy to learn things that are completely irrelevant. Thus, validated learning is backed up by empirical data collected from real customers."
52.013;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 50";"We adopted the view that our job was to find a synthesis between our vision and what customers would accept; it wasn’t to capitulate to what customers thought they wanted or to tell customers what they ought to want."
52.014;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 55";"Instead, the way forward is to learn to see every startup in any industry as a grand experiment. The question is not “Can this product be built?” In the modern economy, almost any product that can be imagined can be built. The more pertinent questions are “Should this product be built?” and “Can we build a sustainable business around this set of products and services?” To answer those questions, we need a method for systematically breaking down a business plan into its component parts and testing each part empirically."
52.015;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 55";"we need the scientific method. In the Lean Startup model, every product, every feature, every marketing campaign—everything a startup does—is understood to be"
52.016;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 56";"This is one of the most important lessons of the scientific method: if you cannot fail, you cannot learn."
52.017;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 61";"The value hypothesis tests whether a product or service really delivers value to customers once they are using it."
52.018;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 61";"For the growth hypothesis, which tests how new customers will discover a product or service, we can do a similar analysis."
52.019;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 75";"As we saw in Part One, the products a startup builds are really experiments; the learning about how to build a sustainable business is the outcome of those experiments."
52.02;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 76";"The truth is that none of these activities by itself is of paramount importance. Instead, we need to focus our energies on minimizing the total time through this feedback loop. This is the essence of steering a startup and is the subject of Part Two"
52.021;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 76";"call the riskiest elements of a startup’s plan, the parts on which everything depends, leap-of-faith assumptions. The two most important assumptions are the value hypothesis and the growth hypothesis. These give rise to tuning variables that control a startup’s engine of growth. Each iteration of a startup is an attempt to rev this engine to see if it will turn. Once it is running, the process repeats, shifting into higher and higher gears."
52.022;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 77";"The MVP is that version of the product that enables a full turn of the Build-Measure-Learn loop with a minimum amount of effort and the least amount of development time. The minimum viable product lacks many features that may prove essential later on. However, in some ways, creating a MVP requires extra work: we must be able to measure its impact. For example, it is inadequate to build a prototype that is evaluated solely for internal quality by engineers and designers. We also need to get it in front of potential customers to gauge their reactions."
52.023;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 78";"Although we write the feedback loop as Build-Measure-Learn because the activities happen in that order, our planning really works in the reverse order: we figure out what we need to learn, use innovation accounting to figure out what we need to measure to know if we are gaining validated learning, and then figure out what product we need to build to run that experiment and get that measurement."
52.024;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 84";"What differentiates the success stories from the failures is that the successful entrepreneurs had the foresight, the ability, and the tools to discover which parts of their plans were working brilliantly and which were misguided, and adapt their strategies accordingly."
52.025;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 86";"The importance of basing strategic decisions on firsthand understanding of customers is one of the core principles that underlies the Toyota Production System. At Toyota, this goes by the Japanese term genchi gembutsu, which is one of the most important phrases in the lean manufacturing vocabulary. In English, it is usually translated as a directive to “go and see for yourself” so that business decisions can be based on deep firsthand knowledge."
52.026;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 91";"The problem with most entrepreneurs’ plans is generally not that they don’t follow sound strategic principles but that the facts upon which they are based are wrong. Unfortunately, most of these errors cannot be detected at the whiteboard because they depend on the subtle interactions between products and customers."
52.027;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 93";"A minimum viable product (MVP) helps entrepreneurs start the process of learning as quickly as possible.3 It is not necessarily the smallest product imaginable, though; it is simply the fastest way to get through the Build-Measure-Learn feedback loop with the minimum amount of effort."
52.028;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 93";"Contrary to traditional product development, which usually involves a long, thoughtful incubation period and strives for product perfection, the goal of the MVP is to begin the process of learning, not end it. Unlike a prototype or concept test, an MVP is designed not just to answer product design or technical questions. Its goal is to test fundamental business hypotheses."
52.029;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 95";"Deciding exactly how complex an MVP needs to be cannot be done formulaically. It requires judgment. Luckily, this judgment is not difficult to develop: most entrepreneurs and product development people dramatically overestimate how many features are needed in an MVP. When in doubt, simplify."
52.03;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 96";"The lesson of the MVP is that any additional work beyond what was required to start learning is waste, no matter how important it might have seemed at the time."
52.031;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 102";"Before long, they had built a substantial service offering, first in the Austin area and eventually nationwide. But along the way, their product development team was always focused on scaling something that was working rather than trying to invent something that might work in the future. As a result, their development efforts involved far less waste than is typical for a venture of this kind."
52.032;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 105";"Because of the short time line, none of the prototypes involved advanced technology. Instead, they were MVPs designed to test a more important question: what would be required to get customers to engage with the product and tell their friends about it?"
52.033;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 107";"we do not know who the customer is, we do not know what quality is. Even a “low-quality” MVP can act in service of building a great high-quality product."
52.034;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 110";"As you consider building your own minimum viable product, let this simple rule suffice: remove any feature, process, or effort that does not contribute directly to the learning you seek."
52.035;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 111";"The reason to build a new team to pursue an idea is that you believe you can accelerate through the Build-Measure-Learn feedback loop faster than anyone else can. If that’s true, it makes no difference what the competition knows. If it’s not true, a startup has much bigger problems, and secrecy won’t fix them."
52.036;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 113";"The solution to this problem resides at the heart of the Lean Startup model. We all need a disciplined, systematic approach to figuring out if we’re making progress and discovering if we’re actually achieving validated learning. I call this system innovation accounting, an alternative to traditional accounting designed specifically for startups."
52.037;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 114";"A startup’s job is to (1) rigorously measure where it is right now, confronting the hard truths that assessment reveals, and then (2) devise experiments to learn how to move the real numbers closer to the ideal reflected in the business plan."
52.038;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 116";"Innovation accounting enables startups to prove objectively that they are learning how to grow a sustainable business. Innovation accounting begins by turning the leap-of-faith assumptions discussed in Chapter 5 into a quantitative financial model. Every business plan has some kind of model associated with it, even if it’s written on the back of a napkin. That model provides assumptions about what the business will look like at a successful point in the future."
52.039;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 128";"Companies of any size that have a working engine of growth can come to rely on the wrong kind of metrics to guide their actions."
52.04;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 130";"Innovation accounting will not work if a startup is being misled by these kinds of vanity metrics: gross number of customers and so on. The alternative is the kind of metrics we use to judge our business and our learning milestones, what I call actionable metrics"
52.041;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 135";"because Grockit was using the wrong kinds of metrics, the startup was not genuinely improving."
52.042;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 140";"Most important, teams working in this system begin to measure their productivity according to validated learning, not in terms of the production of new features."
52.043;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 144";"Actionable metrics are the antidote to this problem. When cause and effect is clearly understood, people are better able to learn from their actions. Human beings are innately talented learners when given a clear and objective assessment."
52.044;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 148";"Only 5 percent of entrepreneurship is the big idea, the business model, the whiteboard strategizing, and the splitting up of the spoils. The other 95 percent is the gritty work that is measured by innovation accounting: product prioritization decisions, deciding which customers to target or listen to, and having the courage to subject a grand vision to constant testing and feedback."
52.045;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 149";"are we making sufficient progress to believe that our original strategic hypothesis is correct, or do we need to make a major change? That change is called a pivot: a structured course correction designed to test a new fundamental hypothesis about the product, strategy, and engine of growth."
52.046;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 153";"David faced the difficult challenge of deciding whether to pivot or persevere. This is one of the hardest decisions entrepreneurs face. The goal of creating learning milestones is not to make the decision easy; it is to make sure that there is relevant data in the room when it comes time to decide."
52.047;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 154";"A pivot requires that we keep one foot rooted in what we’ve learned so far, while making a fundamental change in strategy in order to seek even greater validated learning."
52.048;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 160";"The true measure of runway is how many pivots a startup has left: the number of opportunities it has to make a fundamental change to its business strategy. Measuring runway through the lens of pivots rather than that of time suggests another way to extend that runway: get to each pivot faster. In other words, the startup has to find ways to achieve the same amount of validated learning at lower cost or in a shorter time. All the techniques in the Lean Startup model that have been discussed so far have this as their overarching goal."
52.049;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 172";"The word pivot sometimes is used incorrectly as a synonym for change. A pivot is a special kind of change designed to test a new fundamental hypothesis about the product, business model, and engine of growth."
52.05;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 181";"The critical first question for any lean transformation is: which activities create value and which are a form of waste? Once you understand this distinction, you can begin using lean techniques to drive out waste and increase the efficiency of the value-creating activities."
52.051;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 185";"The small-batch approach produces a finished product every few seconds, whereas the large-batch approach must deliver all the products at once, at the end. Imagine what this might look like if the time horizon was hours, days, or weeks. What if it turns out that the customers have decided they don’t want the product? Which process would allow a company to find this out sooner?"
52.052;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 188";"What if it turns out that the customer doesn’t want the product we’re building? Although this is never good news for an entrepreneur, finding out sooner is much better than finding out later. Working in small batches ensures that a startup can minimize the expenditure of time, money, and effort that ultimately turns out to have been wasted."
52.053;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 201";"Our goal in building products is to be able to run experiments that will help us learn how to build a sustainable business. Thus, the right way to think about the product development process in a Lean Startup is that it is responding to pull requests in the form of experiments that need to be run."
52.054;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 221";"A startup can evaluate whether it is getting closer to product/market fit as it tunes its engine by evaluating each trip through the Build-Measure-Learn feedback loop using innovation accounting. What really matters is not the raw numbers or vanity metrics but the direction and degree of progress."
52.055;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 227";"This process of orientation was subject to constant experimentation and revision so that it grew more effective—and less burdensome—over time. I call this building an adaptive organization, one that automatically adjusts its process and performance to current conditions."
52.056;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 227";"you cannot trade quality for time. If you are causing (or missing) quality problems now, the resulting defects will slow you down later. Defects cause a lot of rework, low morale, and customer complaints, all of which slow progress and eat away at valuable resources."
52.057;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 250";"The focus of each team is iterating with customers as rapidly as possible, running experiments, and then using validated learning to make real-time investment decisions about what to work on. As a result, whereas they used to have five major “branches” of QuickBooks that merged features at the time of the launch, now there are twenty to twenty-five branches. This allows for a much larger set of experiments. Each team works on a new feature for approximately six weeks end to end, testing it with real customers throughout the process."
52.058;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 253";"Internal or external, in my experience startup teams require three structural attributes: scarce but secure resources, independent authority to develop their business, and a personal stake in the outcome."
52.059;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 261";"My suggested solution is to create a sandbox for innovation that will contain the impact of the new innovation but not constrain the methods of the startup team."
52.06;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 267";"entrepreneurship should be considered a viable career path for innovators inside large organizations. Managers who can lead teams by using the Lean Startup methodology should not have to leave the company to reap the rewards of their skills or have to pretend to fit into the rigid hierarchies of established functional departments. Instead, they should have a business card that says simply"
52.061;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 271";"Ultimately, the Lean Startup is a framework, not a blueprint of steps to follow. It is designed to be adapted to the conditions of each specific company. Rather than copy what others have done, techniques such as the Five Whys allow you to build something that is perfectly suited to your company."
52.062;"The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses";"Page 278";"We routinely green-light new projects more on the basis of intuition than facts."
53.001;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 2";"My best work happened when I had a big challenge and not quite enough time."
53.002;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 6";"Sprints offer a path to solve big problems, test new ideas, get more done, and do it faster. They also allow you to have more fun along the way."
53.003;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 9";"The sprint is GV’s unique five-day process for answering crucial questions through prototyping and testing ideas with customers. It’s a “greatest hits” of business strategy, innovation, behavioral science, design, and more—packaged into a step-by-step process that any team can use."
53.004;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 16";"This book is a DIY guide for running your own sprint to answer your pressing business questions. On Monday, you’ll map out the problem and pick an important place to focus. On Tuesday, you’ll sketch competing solutions on paper. On Wednesday, you’ll make difficult decisions and turn your ideas into a testable hypothesis. On Thursday, you’ll hammer out a realistic prototype. And on Friday, you’ll test it with real live humans."
53.005;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 28";"The lesson? No problem is too large for a sprint. Yes, this statement sounds absurd, but there are two big reasons why it’s true. First, the sprint forces your team to focus on the most pressing questions. Second, the sprint allows you to learn from just the surface of a finished product."
53.006;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 28";"Human beings are complex and fickle, so it’s impossible to predict how they’ll react to a brand-new solution. When our new ideas fail, it’s usually because we were overconfident about how well customers would understand and how much they would care."
53.007;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 28";"Get that surface right, and you can work backward to figure out the underlying systems or technology. Focusing on the surface allows you to move fast and answer big questions before you commit to execution, which is why any challenge, no matter how large, can benefit from a sprint."
53.008;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 30";"To build the perfect sprint team, first you’re going to need a Danny Ocean: someone with authority to make decisions. That person is the Decider, a role so important we went ahead and capitalized it. The Decider is the official decision-maker for the project."
53.009;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 33";"We’ve found the ideal size for a sprint to be seven people or fewer. With eight people, or nine, or more, the sprint moves more slowly, and you’ll have to work harder to keep everyone focused and productive."
53.01;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 33";"Sprints are most successful with a mix of people: the core people who work on execution along with a few extra experts with specialized knowledge."
53.011;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 38";"nest dropped into the picnic of productivity. There are stacks of studies about the cost of interruption. Researchers at George Mason University found that people wrote shorter, lower-quality essays when interrupted in the middle of their work. Researchers at the University of California, Irvine, reported that it takes on average twenty-three minutes for distracted workers to return to their tasks."
53.012;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 39";"That’s one of the best aspects of a sprint: It gives you an excuse to work the way you want to work, with a clear calendar and one important goal to address. There are no context switches between different projects, and no random interruptions."
53.013;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 39";"You’ll start at 10 a.m. and end at 5 p.m., with an hour-long lunch in between. That’s right: There are only six working hours in the typical sprint day. Longer hours don’t equal better results. By getting the right people together, structuring the activities, and eliminating distraction, we’ve found that it’s possible to make rapid progress while working a reasonable schedule."
53.014;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 40";"The sprint team must be in the same room Monday through Thursday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday’s test starts a little earlier, at 9 a.m."
53.015;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 41";"In a sprint, time is precious, and we can’t afford distractions in the room. So we have a simple rule: No laptops, phones, or iPads allowed."
53.016;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 52";"Monday’s structured discussions create a path for the sprint week. In the morning, you’ll start at the end and agree to a long-term goal. Next, you’ll make a map of the challenge. In the afternoon, you’ll ask the experts at your company to share what they know. Finally, you’ll pick a target: an ambitious but manageable piece of the problem that you can solve in one week."
53.017;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 55";"Starting at the end is like being handed the keys to a time machine. If you could jump ahead to the end of your sprint, what questions would be answered? If you went six months or a year further into the future, what would have improved about your business as a result of this project?"
53.018;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 56";"Lurking beneath every goal are dangerous assumptions. The longer those assumptions remain unexamined, the greater the risk. In your sprint, you have a golden opportunity to ferret out assumptions, turn them into questions, and find some answers."
53.019;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 57";"We have a few prompts for getting teams to think about assumptions and questions: • What questions do we want to answer in this sprint? • To meet our long-term goal, what has to be true? • Imagine we travel into the future and our project failed. What might have caused that? An important part of this exercise is rephrasing assumptions and obstacles into questions."
53.02;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 60";"The map is a big deal throughout the week. At the end of the day on Monday, you’ll use the map to narrow your broad challenge into a specific target for the sprint. Later in the week, the map will provide structure for your solution sketches and prototype. It helps you keep track of how everything fits together, and it eases the burden on each person’s short-term memory."
53.021;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 73";"The method is called How Might We. It was developed at Procter & Gamble in the 1970s, but we learned about it from the design agency IDEO. It works this way: Each person writes his or her own notes, one at a time, on sticky notes. At the end of the day, you’ll merge the whole group’s notes, organize them, and choose a handful of the most interesting ones. These standout notes will help you make a decision about which part of the map to target, and on Tuesday, they’ll give you ideas for your sketches."
53.022;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 78";"Bobby’s interview illustrates the basic formula for Monday afternoon. You’ll interview experts, using your map as an outline. You’ll take notes as a team, turning each problem you hear into an opportunity. By the time you finish your interviews, your team will have generated a pile of notes. In most sprints, we end up with somewhere between thirty and a hundred. Unfortunately, you can’t make good use of that many How Might We questions. Once you turn your attention to sketching, it will be too many opportunities for the poor human brain to track. You’ve got to narrow them down."
53.023;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 84";"At the end of the day on Monday, you’re set up for a Marie Tharp moment. Tharp didn’t go looking for the Mid-Ocean Ridge, but when she compiled the data and made a map, she couldn’t miss it. After interviewing the experts and organizing your notes, the most important part of your project should jump right out of your map, almost like a crack in the earth."
53.024;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 87";"The Decider needs to choose one target customer and one target event on the map. Whatever she chooses will become the focus of the rest of the sprint—the sketches, prototype, and test all flow from this decision."
53.025;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 94";"On Monday, you and your team defined the challenge and chose a target. On Tuesday, you’ll come up with solutions. The day starts with inspiration: a review of existing ideas to remix and improve. Then, in the afternoon, each person will sketch, following a four-step process that emphasizes critical thinking over artistry. Later in the week, the best of these sketches will form the plan for your prototype and test."
53.026;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 96";"We’ve found limited benefit in looking at products from the same industry. Time and time again, the ideas that spark the best solutions come from similar problems in different environments."
53.027;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 101";"By the end of your Lightning Demos, you should have a whiteboard full of ten to twenty ideas. That’s enough to make sure you’ve captured each person’s best inspiration—but it’s a small enough set that you won’t be overwhelmed when you start to sketch."
53.028;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 107";"On Tuesday, we’re not asking you to sketch because we think it’s fun. We’re asking you to sketch because we’re convinced it’s the fastest and easiest way to transform abstract ideas into concrete solutions. Once your ideas become concrete, they can be critically and fairly evaluated by the rest of the team—without any sales pitch. And, perhaps most important of all, sketching allows every person to develop those concrete ideas while working alone."
53.029;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 107";"In our sprints, we work alone, but we follow specific steps to help everyone focus and make progress. When each person sketches alone, he or she will have time for deep thought. When the whole team works in parallel, they’ll generate competing ideas, without the groupthink of a group brainstorm. You might call this method “work alone together.”"
53.03;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 111";"Crazy 8s is a fast-paced exercise. Each person takes his or her strongest ideas and rapidly sketches eight variations in eight minutes. Crazy 8s forces you to push past your first reasonable solutions and make them better, or at least consider alternatives."
53.031;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 118";"Once everybody is finished, put the solution sketches in a pile, but resist the urge to look at them. You’ll only see them for the first time once, and you should save those fresh eyes for Wednesday."
53.032;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 123";"The entire sprint depends on getting good data in Friday’s test, so whoever takes charge of recruiting your customers should take the job seriously. Even though this recruiting happens behind the scenes, it’s as important as the team activities. For a sample screening survey and other online resources, take a look at thesprintbook.com"
53.033;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 126";"By Wednesday morning, you and your team will have a stack of solutions. That’s great, but it’s also a problem. You can’t prototype and test them all—you need one solid plan. In the morning, you’ll critique each solution, and decide which ones have the best chance of achieving your long-term goal. Then, in the afternoon, you’ll take the winning scenes from your sketches and weave them into a storyboard: a step-by-step plan for your prototype."
53.034;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 128";"We’ll evaluate solutions all at once, critique all at once, and then make a decision all at once."
53.035;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 136";"That’s right—the proud inventor of the solution in the spotlight doesn’t get to speak up until the end of the critique. This unusual practice saves time, removes redundancy, and allows for the most honest discussion. (If the inventor pitched his or her idea, the rest of the team would have a harder time being critical or negative.)"
53.036;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 142";"It’s important to note that this decision-making process isn’t perfect. Sometimes, Deciders screw up. Sometimes, good ideas don’t get selected (at least, not in the first sprint). But the “sticky decision”—if not perfect—is pretty good and very speedy. That speed helps with the sprint’s larger goal: getting real world data from Friday’s test. Ultimately, it will be that data that leads to the best decisions of all."
53.037;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 149";"On Wednesday afternoon, you’ll answer those small questions and make a plan. Specifically, you’ll take the winning sketches and string them together into a storyboard. This will be similar to the three-panel storyboards you sketched on Tuesday, but it will be longer: about ten to fifteen panels, all tightly connected into one cohesive story."
53.038;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 164";"On Wednesday, you and your team created a storyboard. On Thursday, you’ll adopt a “fake it” philosophy to turn that storyboard into a realistic prototype. In the next chapters, we’ll explain the mindset, strategy, and tools that make it possible to build that prototype in just seven hours."
53.039;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 166";"Thursday is about illusion. You’ve got an idea for a great solution. Instead of taking weeks, months, or, heck, even years building that solution, you’re going to fake it. In one day, you’ll make a prototype that appears real, just like that Old West façade. And on Friday, your customers—like a movie audience—will forget their surroundings and just react."
53.04;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 166";"Sure, you could take a longer time to build a more perfect prototype—but doing so would only slow down the learning process. That may not matter if you’re on the right path, but let’s face it—not every idea is a winner. Whether you’re taking a risk on a bold idea, or you’re just not sure, it’s better to find out early. Wasting time on the wrong thing is a major bummer."
53.041;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 169";"Once the illusion is broken, customers switch into feedback mode. They’ll try to be helpful and think up suggestions. In Friday’s test, customer reactions are solid gold, but their feedback is worth pennies on the dollar."
53.042;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 170";"You want it to be as real as possible, while sticking to your one-day timeline. As our partner Daniel Burka says, the ideal prototype should be “Goldilocks quality.” If the quality is too low, people won’t believe the prototype is a real product. If the quality is too high, you’ll be working all night and you won’t finish. You need Goldilocks quality. Not too high, not too low, but just right."
53.043;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 183";"Thursday is a bit different from other parts of the sprint. Every prototype is different, so there’s no exact step-by-step process we can share. But after making hundreds of our own prototypes, we’ve come up with four exercises that always set us on the right path: 1. Pick the right tools 2. Divide and conquer 3. Stitch it together 4. Do a trial run"
53.044;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 184";"It doesn’t matter whether you work with designers, engineers, architects, marketers, or other creative professionals—or whether you run a store, provide client services, or build physical products. There’s a good chance that your team’s regular tools are not the right tools for prototyping."
53.045;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 184";"We know it sounds crazy, but we’re 90 percent sure you should use Keynote to make your prototype. How can we suggest that when we don’t even know what you’re prototyping? Good question. Of course we can’t be completely sure—but in our 100+ sprints, Keynote has only come up short a handful of times."
53.046;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 197";"Earlier in the week, you recruited and carefully selected participants for your test who match the profile of your target customer. Because you’ll be talking to the right people, we’re convinced you can trust what they say. And we’re also convinced that you can learn plenty from just five of them."
53.047;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 198";"So Nielsen analyzed eighty-three of his own product studies.II He plotted how many problems were discovered after ten interviews, twenty interviews, and so on. The results were both consistent and surprising: 85 percent of the problems were observed after just five people."
53.048;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 202";"This structured conversation helps the customer get comfortable, establishes some background, and ensures that the entire prototype is reviewed. Here’s how it goes: 1. A friendly welcome to start the interview 2. A series of general, open-ended context questions about the customer 3. Introduction to the prototype(s) 4. Detailed tasks to get the customer reacting to the prototype 5. A quick debrief to capture the customer’s overarching thoughts and impressions"
53.049;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 223";"Maybe the best part about a sprint is that you can’t lose. If you test your prototype with customers, you’ll win the best prize of all—the chance to learn, in just five days, whether you’re on the right track with your ideas. The results don’t follow a neat template. You can have efficient failures that are good news, flawed successes that need more work, and many other outcomes."
53.05;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 230";"We’ve heard about sprints in all kinds of contexts. Legendary consulting firm McKinsey & Company began running sprints, as did advertising agency Wieden+Kennedy. The sprint process is used at government agencies and nonprofits, as well as at major tech firms, at companies like Airbnb and Facebook."
53.051;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 230";"Throughout the book, you learned a handful of unconventional ideas about how to work faster and smarter: • Instead of jumping right into solutions, take your time to map out the problem and agree on an initial target. Start slow so you can go fast. • Instead of shouting out ideas, work independently to make detailed sketches of possible solutions. Group brainstorming is broken, but there is a better way. • Instead of abstract debate and endless meetings, use voting and a Decider to make crisp decisions that reflect your team’s priorities. It’s the wisdom of the crowd without the groupthink. • Instead of getting all the details right before testing your solution, create a façade. Adopt the “prototype mindset” so you can learn quickly. • And instead of guessing and hoping you’re on the right track—all the while investing piles of money and months of time into your ideas—test your prototype with target customers and get their honest reactions."
53.052;"Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days";"Page 255";"Q: Is Friday’s test a focus group? A: No. A “focus group” is ten or so customers discussing an idea all together, all at once. Focus groups are plagued by the worst of group dynamics: shy people not talking, loudmouths talking too much, sales pitches, and a group-formed opinion that doesn’t reflect anyone’s honest feelings. By comparison, Friday’s test features one-on-one interviews and observation of customer reactions. In these interviews, you can believe what you see."
57.001;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 156";"EIGHT THINGS THIS BOOK WILL HELP YOU ACHIEVE 1. Get out of a mental rut, think new thoughts, acquire new visions, discover new ambitions. 2. Make friends quickly and easily. 3. Increase your popularity. 4. Win people to your way of thinking. 5. Increase your influence, your prestige, your ability to get things done. 6. Handle complaints, avoid arguments, keep your human contacts smooth and pleasant. 7. Become a better speaker, a more entertaining conversationalist. 8. Arouse enthusiasm among your associates"
57.002;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 1529";"But the person who has technical knowledge plus the ability to express ideas, to assume leadership, and to arouse enthusiasm among people-that person is headed for higher earning power."
57.003;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 3828";"PRINCIPLE 1—Don’t criticize, condemn or complain"
57.004;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 3905";"John Dewey, one of America’s most profound philosophers, phrased it a bit differently. Dr. Dewey said that the deepest urge in human nature is “the desire to be important.” Remember that phrase: “the desire to be important.” It is significant. You are going to hear a lot about it in this book."
57.005;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 4451";"“I consider my ability to arouse enthusiasm among my people,” said Schwab, “the greatest asset I possess, and the way to develop the best that is in a person is by appreciation and encouragement. “There is nothing else that so kills the ambitions of a person as criticisms from superiors. I never criticize anyone. I believe in giving a person incentive to work. So I am anxious to praise but loath to find fault. If I like anything, I am hearty in my approbation and lavish in my praise.”"
57.006;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 4513";"Carnegie wanted to praise his assistants even on his tombstone. He wrote an epitaph for himself which read: “Here lies one who knew how to get around him men who were cleverer than himself:”"
57.007;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 4843";"The difference between appreciation and flattery? That is simple. One is sincere and the other insincere. One comes from the heart out; the other from the teeth out. One is unselfish; the other selfish. One is universally admired; the other universally condemned"
57.008;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 5070";"PRINCIPLE 2—Give honest and sincere appreciation."
57.009;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 5258";"Every act you have ever performed since the day you were born was performed because you wanted something"
57.01;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 5448";"Tomorrow you may want to persuade somebody to do something. Before you speak, pause and ask yourself: “How can I make this person want to do it"
57.011;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 5632";"Here is one of the best bits of advice ever given about the fine art of human relationships. “If there is any one secret of success,” said Henry Ford, “it lies in the ability to get the other person’s point of view and see things from that person’s angle as well as from your own.”"
57.012;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 5761";"And if salespeople can show us how their services or merchandise will help us solve our problems, they won’t need to sell us. We’ll buy. And customers like to feel that they are buying—not being sold."
57.013;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 5782";"The world is full of people who are grabbing and self-seeking. So the rare individual who unselfishly tries to serve others has an enormous advantage."
57.014;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 5846";"When we have a brilliant idea, instead of making others think it is ours, why not let them cook and stir the idea themselves. They will then regard it as their own; they will like it and maybe eat a couple of helpings of it."
57.015;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 5849";"PRINCIPLE 3—Arouse in the other person an eager want."
57.016;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 5868";"You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you."
57.017;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 6025";"If you want others to like you, if you want to develop real friendships, if you want to help others at the same time as you help yourself, keep this principle in mind: PRINCIPLE 1—Become genuinely interested in other people."
57.018;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 6066";"You must have a good time meeting people if you expect them to have a good time meeting you."
57.019;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 6137";"PRINCIPLE 2—Smile."
57.02;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 6166";"Jim Farley discovered early in life that the average person is more interested in his or her own name than in all the other names on earth put together. Remember that name and call it easily, and you have paid a subtle and very effective compliment."
57.021;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 6259";"PRINCIPLE 3—Remember that a person’s name is to that person the sweetest and most important sound in any language."
57.022;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 6388";"So if you aspire to be a good conversationalist, be an attentive listener. To be interesting, be interested. Ask questions that other persons will enjoy answering. Encourage them to talk about themselves and their accomplishments."
57.023;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 6393";"PRINCIPLE 4—Be a good listener. Encourage others to talk about themselves."
57.024;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 6399";"For Roosevelt knew, as all leaders know, that the royal road to a person’s heart is to talk about the things he or she treasures most."
57.025;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 6452";"PRINCIPLE 5—Talk in terms of the other person’s interests."
57.026;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 6616";"PRINCIPLE 6—Make the other person feel important—and do it sincerely."
57.027;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 6716";"PRINCIPLE 1—The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it."
57.028;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 6871";"In other words, don’t argue with your customer or your spouse or your adversary. Don’t tell them they are wrong, don’t get them stirred up. Use a little diplomacy."
57.029;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 6873";"PRINCIPLE 2—Show respect for the other person’s opinions. Never say, “You're wrong.”"
57.03;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 6980";"PRINCIPLE 3—If you are wrong, admit it quickly and emphatically."
57.031;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7099";"Remember what Lincoln said: “A drop of honey catches more flies than a gallon of gall.”"
57.032;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7099";"PRINCIPLE 4—Begin in a friendly way."
57.033;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7175";"next time we are tempted to tell someone he or she is wrong, let’s remember old Socrates and ask a gentle question—a question that will get the “yes, yes” response."
57.034;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7179";"PRINCIPLE 5—Get the other person saying “yes, yes” immediately."
57.035;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7246";"PRINCIPLE 6—Let the other person do a great deal of the talking."
57.036;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7248";"Don’t you have much more faith in ideas that you discover for yourself than in ideas that are handed to you on a silver platter? If so, isn’t it bad judgment to try to ram your opinions down the throats of other people? Isn’t it wiser to make suggestions—and let the other person think out the conclusion?"
57.037;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7320";"PRINCIPLE 7—Let the other person feel that the idea is his or hers."
57.038;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7322";"Remember that other people may be totally wrong. But they don’t think so. Don’t condemn them. Any fool can do that. Try to understand them. Only wise, tolerant, exceptional people even try to do that."
57.039;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7342";"“Cooperativeeness in conversation is achieved when you show that you consider the other person’s ideas and feelings as important as your own."
57.04;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7387";"If, as a result of reading this book, you get only one thing—an increased tendency to think always in terms of the other person’s point of view, and see things from that person’s angle as well as your own—if you get only that one thing from this book, it may easily prove to be one of the stepping—stones of your career."
57.041;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7390";"PRINCIPLE 8—Try honestly to see things from the other person’s point of view."
57.042;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7496";"PRINCIPLE 9- Be sympathetic with the other person’s ideas and desires."
57.043;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7569";"PRINCIPLE 10—Appeal to the nobler motives."
57.044;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7627";"PRINCIPLE 11—Dramatize your ideas."
57.045;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7670";"That is what every successful person loves: the game. The chance for self- expression. The chance to prove his or her worth, to excel, to win. That is what makes foot-races and hog-calling and pie-eating contests. The desire to excel. The desire for a feeling of importance. PRINCIPLE 12—Throw down a challenge."
57.046;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7759";"PRINCIPLE 1—Begin with praise and honest appreciation."
57.047;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7812";"PRINCIPLE 2—Call attention to people’s mistakes indirectly."
57.048;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7876";"PRINCIPLE 3—Talk about your own mistakes before criticizing the other person."
57.049;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7908";"PRINCIPLE 4—Ask questions instead of giving direct orders."
57.05;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 7955";"PRINCIPLE 5—Let the other person save face."
57.051;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 8023";"Abilities wither under criticism; they blossom under encouragement."
57.052;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 8024";"PRINCIPLE 6—Praise the slightest improvement and praise every improvement. Be “hearty in your approbation and lavish in your praise.”"
57.053;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 8085";"PRINCIPLE 7—Give the other person a fine reputation to live up to."
57.054;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 8142";"PRINCIPLE 8—Use encouragement. Make the fault seem easy to correct."
57.055;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 8190";"The effective leader should keep the following guidelines in mind when it is necessary to change attitudes or behavior: 1. Be sincere. Do not promise anything that you cannot deliver. Forget about the benefits to yourself and concentrate on the benefits to the other person. 2. Know exactly what it is you want the other person to do. 3. Be empathetic. Ask yourself what is it the other person really wants. 4. Consider the benefits that person will receive from doing what you suggest. 5. Match those benefits to the other person’s wants. 6. When you make your request, put it in a form that will convey to the other person the idea that he personally will benefit."
57.056;"How to Win Friends and Influence People";"Location 8207";"PRINCIPLE 9—Make the other person happy about doing the thing you suggest."
58.001;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 3";"Instead of making just a millimeter of progress in a million directions he began to generate tremendous momentum towards accomplishing the things that were truly vital."
58.002;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 4";"In this example is the basic value proposition of Essentialism: only once you give yourself permission to stop trying to do it all, to stop saying yes to everyone, can you make your highest contribution towards the things that really matter."
58.003;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 4";"Now let me ask you this: Have you ever found yourself stretched too thin? Have you ever felt both overworked and underutilized? Have you ever found yourself majoring in minor activities? Do you ever feel busy but not productive? Like you’re always in motion, but never getting anywhere? If you answered yes to any of these, the way out is the way of the Essentialist."
58.004;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 6";"Less but better. A more fitting definition of Essentialism would be hard to come by."
58.005;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 6";"Essentialism is not about how to get more things done; it’s about how to get the right things done. It doesn’t mean just doing less for the sake of less either. It is about making the wisest possible investment of your time and energy in order to operate at our highest point of contribution by doing only what is essential."
58.006;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 7";"The way of the Essentialist means living by design, not by default. Instead of making choices reactively, the Essentialist deliberately distinguishes the vital few from the trivial many, eliminates the nonessentials, and then removes obstacles so the essential things have clear, smooth passage. In other words, Essentialism is a disciplined, systematic approach for determining where our highest point of contribution lies, then making execution of those things almost effortless."
58.007;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 14";"As Peter Drucker said, “In a few hundred years, when the history of our time will be written from a long-term perspective, it is likely that the most important event historians will see is not technology, not the Internet, not e-commerce. It is an unprecedented change in the human condition. For the first time—literally—substantial and rapidly growing numbers of people have choices. For the first time, they will have to manage themselves. And society is totally unprepared for it.”"
58.008;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 17";"In the same way that our closets get cluttered as clothes we never wear accumulate, so do our lives get cluttered as well-intended commitments and activities we’ve said yes to pile up. Most of these efforts didn’t come with an expiration date. Unless we have a system for purging them, once adopted, they live on in perpetuity."
58.009;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 19";"Essentialism is about creating a system for handling the closet of our lives. This is not a process you undertake once a year, once a month, or even once a week, like organizing your closet. It is a discipline you apply each and every time you are faced with a decision about whether to say yes or whether to politely decline. It’s a method for making the tough trade-off between lots of good things and a few really great things. It’s about learning how to do less but better so you can achieve the highest possible return on every precious moment of your life."
58.01;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 26";"What if we stopped celebrating being busy as a measurement of importance? What if instead we celebrated how much time we had spent listening, pondering, meditating, and enjoying time with the most important people in our lives?"
58.011;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 45";"The overwhelming reality is: we live in a world where almost everything is worthless and a very few things are exceptionally valuable. As John Maxwell has written, “You cannot overestimate the unimportance of practically everything."
58.012;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 60";"Because Essentialists will commit and “go big” on only the vital few ideas or activities, they explore more options at first to ensure they pick the right one later."
58.013;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 62";"If you believe being overly busy and overextended is evidence of productivity, then you probably believe that creating space to explore, think, and reflect should be kept to a minimum. Yet these very activities are the antidote to the nonessential busyness that infects so many of us. Rather than trivial diversions, they are critical to distinguishing what is actually a trivial diversion from what is truly essential."
58.014;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 64";"One leader I worked with admitted to staying at a company five years too long. Why? Because he was so busy in the company he didn’t take time to decide whether he should be at the company. The demands of each day kept him from really stepping back to get perspective."
58.015;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 76";"The best journalists, as Friedman shared later with me, listen for what others do not hear. At the lunch, he had been listening for what was being said only at the periphery. He was listening more for what was not being said."
58.016;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 86";"Play is fundamental to living the way of the Essentialist because it fuels exploration in at least three specific ways. First, play broadens the range of options available to us."
58.017;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 87";"Second, play is an antidote to stress, and this is key because stress, in addition to being an enemy of productivity, can actually shut down the creative, inquisitive, exploratory parts of our brain."
58.018;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 87";"Third, as Edward M. Hallowell, a psychiatrist who specializes in brain science, explains, play has a positive effect on the executive function of the brain."
58.019;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 102";"Sleep will enhance your ability to explore, make connections, and do less but better throughout your waking hours."
58.02;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 103";"The key is to put the decision to an extreme test: if we feel total and utter conviction to do something, then we say yes, Derek-style. Anything less gets a thumbs down. Or as a leader at Twitter once put it to me, “If the answer isn’t a definite yes then it should be a no.” It is a succinct summary of a core Essentialist principle, and one that is critical to the process of exploration."
58.021;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 121";"When I ask people, “What do you really want out of your career over the next five years?” I am still taken aback by how few people can answer the question."
58.022;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 121";"When there is a serious lack of clarity about what the team stands for and what their goals and roles are, people experience confusion, stress, and frustration. When there is a high level of clarity, on the other hand, people thrive."
58.023;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 126";"An essential intent, on the other hand, is both inspirational and concrete, both meaningful and measurable. Done right, an essential intent is one decision that settles one thousand later decisions."
58.024;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 127";"An essential intent doesn’t have to be elegantly crafted; it’s the substance, not the style that counts. Instead, ask the more essential question that will inform every future decision you will ever make: “If we could be truly excellent at only one thing, what would it be?”"
58.025;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 148";"This is because of something called “the endowment effect,” our tendency to undervalue things that aren’t ours and to overvalue things because we already own them."
58.026;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 149";"Tom Stafford describes a simple antidote to the endowment effect.6 Instead of asking, “How much do I value this item?” we should ask, “If I did not own this item, how much would I pay to obtain it?”"
58.027;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 151";"The tendency to continue doing something simply because we have always done it is sometimes called the “status quo bias.”"
58.028;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 160";"Many people have been credited with coming up with this apt sentiment: “I must apologize: if I had more time I would have written a shorter letter.”"
58.029;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 181";"In filtering out 7 companies from 20,400, the authors found that the ones that executed most successfully did not have any better ability to predict the future than their less successful counterparts. Instead, they were the ones who acknowledged they could not predict the unexpected and therefore prepared better."
58.03;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 182";"Of the variety of explanations for why we underestimate the amount of time something will take, I believe social pressure is the most interesting. One study found that if people estimated anonymously how long it would take to complete a task they were no longer guilty of the planning fallacy.9 This implies that often we actually know we can’t do things in a given time frame, but we don’t want to admit it to someone."
58.031;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 183";"One way to protect against this is simply to add a 50 percent buffer to the amount of time we estimate it will take to complete a task or project (if 50 percent seems overly generous, consider how frequently things actually do take us 50 percent longer than expected)."
58.032;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 184";"Essentialists accept the reality that we can never fully anticipate or prepare for every scenario or eventuality; the future is simply too unpredictable. Instead, they build in buffers to reduce the friction caused by the unexpected."
58.033;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 199";"A popular idea in Silicon Valley is “Done is better than perfect.”"
58.034;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 236";"This story captures the two most personal learnings that have come to me on the long journey of writing this book. The first is the exquisitely important role of my family in my life. At the very, very end, everything else will fade into insignificance by comparison. The second is the pathetically tiny amount of time we have left of our lives."
58.035;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 238";"If you take one thing away from this book, I hope you will remember this: whatever decision or challenge or crossroads you face in your life, simply ask yourself, “What is essential?” Eliminate everything else."
58.036;"Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of less";"Page 239";"LinkedIn CEO Jeff Weiner sees “fewer things done better” as the most powerful mechanism for leadership."
"62.001";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 97";"When it comes to creating work you love, following your passion is not particularly useful advice."
"62.002";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 127";"The narratives in this book are bound by a common thread: the importance of ability. The things that make a great job great, I discovered, are rare and valuable. If you want them in your working life, you need something rare and valuable to offer in return. In other words, you need to be good at something before you can expect a good job."
"62.003";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 134";"Don’t follow your passion; rather, let it follow you in your quest to become, in the words of my favorite Steve Martin quote, “so good that they can’t ignore you.”"
"62.004";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 189";"Rule #1 is dedicated to laying out my argument against passion, as this insight—that “follow your passion” is bad advice—provides the foundation for everything that follows."
"62.005";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 210";"In other words, in the months leading up to the start of his visionary company, Steve Jobs was something of a conflicted young man, seeking spiritual enlightenment and dabbling in electronics only when it promised to earn him quick cash."
"62.006";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 227";"matter. If a young Steve Jobs had taken his own advice and decided to only pursue work he loved, we would probably find him today as one of the Los Altos Zen Center’s most popular teachers. But he didn’t follow this simple advice. Apple Computer was decidedly not born out of passion, but instead was the result of a lucky break—a “small-time” scheme that unexpectedly took off."
"62.007";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 266";"Compelling careers often have complex origins that reject the simple idea that all you have to do is follow your passion."
"62.008";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 290";"A job, in Wrzesniewski’s formulation, is a way to pay the bills, a career is a path toward increasingly better work, and a calling is work that’s an important part of your life and a vital part of your identity."
"62.009";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 383";"The passion hypothesis is not just wrong, it’s also dangerous. Telling someone to “follow their passion” is not just an act of innocent optimism, but potentially the foundation for a career riddled with confusion and angst."
"62.010";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 461";"“Nobody ever takes note of [my advice], because it’s not the answer they wanted to hear,” Martin said. “What they want to hear is ‘Here’s how you get an agent, here’s how you write a script,’… but I always say, ‘Be so good they can’t ignore you.’"
"62.011";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 500";"Martin. If you’re not focusing on becoming so good they can’t ignore you, you’re going to be left behind. This clarity was refreshing."
"62.012";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 503";"Irrespective of what type of work you do, the craftsman mindset is crucial for building a career you love."
"62.013";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 509";"Whereas the craftsman mindset focuses on what you can offer the world, the passion mindset focuses instead on what the world can offer you. This mindset is how most people approach their working lives."
"62.014";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 524";"there’s something liberating about the craftsman mindset: It asks you to leave behind self-centered concerns about whether your job is “just right,” and instead put your head down and plug away at getting really damn good. No one owes you a great career, it argues; you need to earn it—and the process won’t be easy."
"62.015";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 527";"But here’s the core argument of Rule #2: You shouldn’t just envy the craftsman mindset, you should emulate it. In other words, I am suggesting that you put aside the question of whether your job is your true passion, and instead turn your focus toward becoming so good they can’t ignore you. That is, regardless of what you do for a living, approach your work like a true performer."
"62.016";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 550";"regardless of how you feel about your job right now, adopting the craftsman mindset will be the foundation on which you’ll build a compelling career."
"62.017";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 602";"“The key thing is to force yourself through the work, force the skills to come; that’s the hardest phase,” he elaborated in his Roadtrip Nation session. In other words, this is not the story of a prodigy who walked into a radio station after college and walked out with a show. The more you read about Glass, the more you encounter a young man who was driven to develop his skills until they were too valuable to be ignored."
"62.018";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 622";"The traits that define great work are rare and valuable. Supply and demand says that if you want these traits you need rare and valuable skills to offer in return. Think of these rare and valuable skills you can offer as your career capital. The craftsman mindset, with its relentless focus on becoming “so good they can’t ignore you,” is a strategy well suited for acquiring career capital. This is why it trumps the passion mindset if your goal is to create work you love."
"62.019";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 633";"You need to get good in order to get good things in your working life, and the craftsman mindset is focused on achieving exactly this goal."
"62.020";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 715";"THREE DISQUALIFIERS FOR APPLYING THE CRAFTSMAN MINDSET The job presents few opportunities to distinguish yourself by developing relevant skills that are rare and valuable. The job focuses on something you think is useless or perhaps even actively bad for the world. The job forces you to work with people you really dislike."
"62.021";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 740";"Alex and Mike both focused on getting good—not finding their passion—and then used the career capital this generated to acquire the traits that made their careers compelling."
"62.022";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1008";"the term “deliberate practice” to describe this style of serious study, defining it formally as an “activity designed, typically by a teacher, for the sole purpose of effectively improving specific aspects of an individual’s performance.”"
"62.023";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1021";"It is a lifetime accumulation of deliberate practice that again and again ends up explaining excellence."
"62.024";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1024";"As Ericsson explains, “Most individuals who start as active professionals… change their behavior and increase their performance for a limited time until they reach an acceptable level. Beyond this point, however, further improvements appear to be unpredictable and the number of years of work… is a poor predictor of attained performance.”"
"62.025";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1026";"if you just show up and work hard, you’ll soon hit a performance plateau beyond which you fail to get any better."
"62.026";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1034";"To successfully adopt the craftsman mindset, therefore, we have to approach our jobs in the same way that Jordan approaches his guitar playing or Garry Kasparov his chess training—with a dedication to deliberate practice"
"62.027";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1158";"Doing things we know how to do well is enjoyable, and that’s exactly the opposite of what deliberate practice demands…. Deliberate practice is above all an effort of focus and concentration. That is what makes it “deliberate,” as distinct from the mindless playing of scales or hitting of tennis balls that most people engage in."
"62.028";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1169";"This is what you should experience in your own pursuit of “good.” If you’re not uncomfortable, then you’re probably stuck at an “acceptable level.”"
"62.029";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1207";"Musicians, athletes, and chess players know all about deliberate practice. Knowledge workers, however, do not. This is great news for knowledge workers: If you can introduce this strategy into your working life you can vault past your peers in your acquisition of career capital."
"62.030";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1311";"Giving people more control over what they do and how they do it increases their happiness, engagement, and sense of fulfillment."
"62.031";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1317";"To summarize, if your goal is to love what you do, your first step is to acquire career capital. Your next step is to invest this capital in the traits that define great work. Control is one of the most important targets you can choose for this investment."
"62.032";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1353";"Jane recognized the second part of this argument: Control is powerful. But she unfortunately skipped the first part—you need something valuable to offer in return for this powerful trait. In other words, she tried to obtain control without any capital to offer in return, and ended up with a mere shadow of real autonomy."
"62.033";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1375";"enthusiasm alone is not rare and valuable and is therefore not worth much in terms of career capital."
"62.034";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1486";"The point at which you have acquired enough career capital to get meaningful control over your working life is exactly the point when you’ve become valuable enough to your current employer that they will try to prevent you from making the change."
"62.035";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1500";"The key, it seems, is to know when the time is right to become courageous in your career decisions. Get this timing right, and a fantastic working life awaits you, but get it wrong by tripping the first control trap in a premature bid for autonomy, and disaster lurks. The fault of the courage culture, therefore, is not its underlying message that courage is good, but its severe underestimation of the complexity involved in deploying this boldness in a useful way."
"62.036";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1556";"“Money is a neutral indicator of value. By aiming to make money, you’re aiming to be valuable.”"
"62.037";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1569";"The Law of Financial Viability When deciding whether to follow an appealing pursuit that will introduce more control into your work life, seek evidence of whether people are willing to pay for it. If you find this evidence, continue. If not, move on."
"62.038";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1602";"Investing your capital in control, however, turns out to be tricky. There are two traps that commonly snare people in their pursuit of this trait. The first control trap notes that it’s dangerous to try to gain more control without enough capital to back it up. The second control trap notes that once you have the capital to back up a bid for more control, you’re still not out of the woods. This capital makes you valuable enough to your employer that they will likely now fight to keep you on a more traditional path."
"62.039";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1650";"As I spent time with Pardis, I recognized that her happiness comes from the fact that she built her career on a clear and compelling mission—something that not only gives meaning to her work but provides the energy needed to embrace life beyond the lab. In the"
"62.040";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1678";"To have a mission is to have a unifying focus for your career. It’s more general than a specific job and can span multiple positions. It provides an answer to the question, What should I do with my life? Missions are powerful because they focus your energy toward a useful goal, and this in turn maximizes your impact on your world—a crucial factor in loving what you do."
"62.041";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1702";"Hardness scares off the daydreamers and the timid, leaving more opportunity for those like us who are willing to take the time to carefully work out the best path forward and then confidently take action."
"62.042";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1747";"reason important discoveries often happen multiple times, therefore, is that they only become possible once they enter the adjacent possible, at which point anyone surveying this space—that is, those who are the current cutting edge—will notice the same innovations waiting to happen."
"62.043";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1771";"A good career mission is similar to a scientific breakthrough—it’s an innovation waiting to be discovered in the adjacent possible of your field. If you want to identify a mission for your working life, therefore, you must first get to the cutting edge—the only place where these missions become visible."
"62.044";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1799";"In other words, she believes that having passion for your work is vital, but she also believes that it’s a fool’s errand to try to figure out in advance what work will lead to this passion."
"62.045";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1833";"Rule #4 is entitled “Think Small, Act Big.” It’s in this understanding of career capital and its role in mission that we get our explanation for this title. Advancing to the cutting edge in a field is an act of “small” thinking, requiring you to focus on a narrow collection of subjects for a potentially long time. Once you get to the cutting edge, however, and discover a mission in the adjacent possible, you must go after it with zeal: a “big” action."
"62.046";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1953";"Here’s what I noticed: Kirk’s path to American Treasures was incremental. He didn’t decide out of nowhere that he wanted to host a television show and then work backward to make that dream a reality. Instead, he worked forward from his original mission—to popularize archaeology—with a series of small, almost tentative steps."
"62.047";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 1990";"To maximize your chances of success, you should deploy small, concrete experiments that return concrete feedback."
"62.048";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 2058";"“The world is full of boring stuff—brown cows—which is why so few people pay attention…. A purple cow… now that would stand out. Remarkable marketing is the art of building things worth noticing.”"
"62.049";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 2069";"“At this point I basically just put two and two together,” Giles told me. “The synthesis of Purple Cow and My Job Went to India is that the best way to market yourself as a programmer is to create remarkable open-source software. So I did.”"
"62.050";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 2107";"The Law of Remarkability For a mission-driven project to succeed, it should be remarkable in two different ways. First, it must compel people who encounter it to remark about it to others. Second, it must be launched in a venue that supports such remarking."
"62.051";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 2265";"The research driving Rule #2 taught me that these plateaus are dangerous because they cut off your supply of career capital and therefore cripple your ability to keep actively shaping your working life."
"62.052";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 2302";"Strain, I now accepted, was good. Instead of seeing this discomfort as a sensation to avoid, I began to understand it the same way that a body builder understands muscle burn: a sign that you’re doing something right."
"62.053";"So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work you Love";"Location 2489";"I love what I do for a living. I’m also confident that as I continue my commitment to the ideas discovered in my quest, this love will only deepen. Thomas feels the same way about his work. So do most of the people I profiled in the book."
"67.001";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 227";"What happens to us when we are in constant motion—when we are almost addicted to constant visual stimulation? What is this doing to us? That is the big question.”"
"67.002";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 264";"The question of this book is simple: What is the best use of my smartphone in the flourishing of my life?"
"67.003";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 309";"Self-doubt is a hallmark of wise creatures."
"67.004";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 475";"Every time we open our Bibles, our souls are being fed through centuries of technological advancement."
"67.005";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 475";"From trumpets and temples to gold-edged Bibles, God intended technology to play an essential role for us to know and worship him."
"67.006";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 632";"the more addicted you become to your phone, the more prone you are to depression and anxiety, and the less able you are to concentrate at work and sleep at night."
"67.007";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 644";"First, we use digital distractions to keep work away."
"67.008";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 663";"Pascal’s point is a perennial fact: the human appetite for distraction is high in every age, because distractions give us easy escape from the silence and solitude whereby we become acquainted with our finitude, our inescapable mortality, and the distance of God from all our desires, hopes, and pleasures."
"67.009";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 666";"Pascal in his day: “I have discovered that all the unhappiness of men arises from one single fact, that they cannot stay quietly in their own chamber.”9"
"67.010";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 743";"True distractions include anything (even a good thing) that veils our spiritual eyes from the shortness of time and from the urgency of the season of heightened expectation as we await the summing up of all history."
"67.011";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 757";"The answer to our hyperkinetic digital world of diversions is the soul-calming sedative of Christ’s splendor, beheld with the mind and enjoyed by the soul. The beauty of Christ calms us and roots our deepest longings in eternal hopes that are far beyond what our smartphones can ever hope to deliver.36"
"67.012";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 916";"We are quick to believe the lie that we can simultaneously live a divided existence, engaging our phones while neglecting others."
"67.013";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 1344";"You have time to lose yourself in another’s complex environment.” Brooks calls this discipline “crystallized intelligence”—“the ability to use experience, knowledge, and the products of lifelong education that have been stored in long-term memory. It is the ability to make analogies and comparisons about things you have studied before. Crystallized intelligence accumulates over the years and leads ultimately to understanding and wisdom.”"
"67.014";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 1373";"poor digital reading was not a result of the medium, “but rather of a failure of self-knowledge and self-control: we don’t realize that digital comprehension may take just as much time as reading a book.”"
"67.015";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 1386";"“Once I was a scuba diver in the sea of words,” laments writer Nicholas Carr. “Now I zip along the surface like a guy on a Jet Ski.”"
"67.016";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 1410";"God has given us the power of concentration in order for us to see and avoid what is false, fake, and transient—so that we may gaze directly at what is true, stable, and eternal. It is part of our creatureliness that we are easily distracted; it is part of our sinfulness that we are easily lured by what is vain and trivial."
"67.017";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 1639";"we must learn to enjoy our present lives in faith—that is, to enjoy each moment of life without feeling compelled to “capture” it. A"
"67.018";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 1959";"“God didn’t create you as an end in yourself. He is the end; you are the means. And the reason that’s such good news is because the best way to show that God is infinitely valuable is to be supremely happy in him. If God’s people are bored with God, they are really bad images. God is not unhappy about himself. He is infinitely excited about his own glory.”"
"67.019";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 2188";"It is no surprise that we relinquish our morning hours by turning to our phones, but why? What is the lure? I asked Piper, and he pointed to six instinctive reasons—three “candy motives” and three “avoidance motives.”"
"67.020";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 2455";"When I grow bored with Christ, I become bored with life—and when that happens, I often turn to my phone for a new consumable digital thrill. It is my default habit."
"67.021";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 2568";"Our phones draw us into unhealthy habits not because we want unlimited information, but because we want to stay relevant and entertained. We want to be humored and liked. These social realities dwarf my concern over info overload."
"67.022";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 2796";"The fear of missing out on eternal life is the one FOMO worth losing sleep over—for ourselves, our friends, our family members, and our neighbors."
"67.023";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 3402";"But God is the sovereign King who will not bow to our gadget mastery. Apps can help me stay focused on my Bible reading plans and help me organize my prayer life, but no app can breathe life into my communion with God."
"67.024";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 3472";"Do I want my kids to see me gazing at a handheld screen so much as they grow up? What does this habit project to them and to others around me?"
"67.025";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 3648";"My life will be governed by one of two perspectives: God-centered awe, in a world soaked with his glory and governed by his sovereign presence, or technological atheism, buffered from God, with faith in the right techniques and controls to govern the reality of a disenchanted and mechanistically driven world.10 This is the decision we face each time we pick up our phones."
"67.026";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 3689";"Our greatest need in the digital age is to behold the glory of the unseen Christ in the faint blue glow of our pixelated Bibles, by faith."
"67.027";"12 Ways your Phone is Changing you";"Location 3707";"And we are called to live smartphone smart as we, in Christ, move toward a resplendent city full of glory and innovation that will blur our smartphones into a foggy memory."
"66.001";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 143";"This book isn't about simply coping with the force of disruption, but harnessing its power and unpredictability, learning to ride its waves, and to disrupt yourself."
"66.002";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 147";"disrupting yourself is critical to avoiding stagnation, being overtaken by low-end entrants (i.e., younger, smarter, faster workers), and fast-tracking your personal and career growth."
"66.003";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 302";"Market. If instead your colleague says, \"I don't know if there's a market, but I think there's a need not being met,\" you are looking at market risk. You have no idea if there will be customers for your product or idea, so a forecast of what you might earn in the future is fiction. However, if you can find customers who want to hire your product, as the first mover you are favored to own the market."
"66.004";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 322";"other words, market risk is the right kind of risk when you're looking for a new learning curve to scale."
"66.005";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 373";"You'll know you're dealing with market risk when you realize there is no one else doing a job that needs to be done."
"66.006";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 379";"When you make the decision to start something new, first figure out the jobs you want to do. Then position yourself to play where no one else is playing."
"66.007";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 387";"A distinctive strength is something that you do well that others within your sphere don't."
"66.008";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 416";"What unique skills have you developed to survive and then applied within your career to thrive?"
"66.009";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 965";"We can natter all day about being agents of disruption, but to effect real change, we need to be the subject of disruption. Innovation starts as an inside game."
"66.010";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 976";"Disruption by definition involves moving sideways, back, or down, with all the negative connotations that conjures, in order to move forward. As a business owner, you part with profits to acquire the equipment you need to scale. As a manager, you sacrifice some of your own productivity to teach your employees new skills, making the whole team more effective down the road. As a professional, you may even accept a cut in pay or status to take the job of a lifetime."
"66.011";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 1081";"There are instances where we abandon ship, whether in a business or a relationship, out of fear. The going gets tough, and we get gone. In my experience, the far more common challenge is mustering the courage to jump when you are comfortable. When the status quo doesn't seem all that bad, jumping often seems needlessly risky. So, pack a parachute to make your jump a safer one."
"66.012";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 1447";"One of the things that the textbooks on disruption shy away from mentioning is that discovery-driven learning is often lonely and sometimes scary. Businesses and individuals that are disrupting themselves frequently find themselves with very little, if any, company."
"66.013";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 1469";"If it's scary and lonely, does it mean you shouldn't disrupt? It may just mean you are on the right track. In fact, if you don't disrupt when you feel you are called to do so, you'll die inside just a little. There's even a name for it: the innovator's dilemma. Whether you innovate or not, you risk downward mobility."
"66.014";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 1515";"The more you disrupt, the better you'll get at it. Like surfing, it is incredibly hard at first. But with practice, it becomes exhilarating."
"66.015";"Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work";"Location 1523";"Learning is not linear, but exponential: there is a cumulative and compounding effect. If you do something disruptive today, then the probability that you can be disruptive tomorrow increases. Momentum creates momentum."
"68.001";"How Google Works";"Location 28";"It’s also true that many companies get comfortable doing what they have always done, with a few incremental changes. This kind of incrementalism leads to irrelevance over time, especially in technology, because change tends to be revolutionary not evolutionary. So you need to force yourself to place big bets on the future."
"68.002";"How Google Works";"Location 44";"We wrote How Google Works because we believe that the art and science of management has changed in the twenty-first century. Empowered by information and technology, individuals and small teams can have enormous impact, far greater than ever before."
"68.003";"How Google Works";"Location 94";"The only way to succeed in business in the twenty-first century is to continually create great products, and the only way to do that is to attract smart creatives and put them in an environment where they can succeed at scale."
"68.004";"How Google Works";"Location 172";"Alphabet was created so we could attract the best CEOs, the ambitious visionaries who want to solve big problems with technology, and give them an environment where they can thrive at scale."
"68.005";"How Google Works";"Location 208";"Product teams lead this discussion, which is usually focused on our own strategy and how the potential acquisition sheds light on and potentially improves that strategy. Do we have the right insights, or has the market or technology shifted in some fundamental way? Have we set the right milestones for ourselves? Are we executing successfully? Is there a better way to achieve our objectives? What does the data show? Ultimately, the deal isn’t assessed on financial or legal terms, but primarily on its value from a product and organizational standpoint."
"68.006";"How Google Works";"Location 216";"Not-invented-here attitudes are a real danger in big companies; you need to have leaders who are OK with acknowledging the limitations (or outright failure) of internal efforts in light of the success of outside ones."
"68.007";"How Google Works";"Location 228";"Eric’s maxim, which he learned from Bill Gates, is to spend 80 percent of your time on 80 percent of your revenue."
"68.008";"How Google Works";"Location 242";"We have long felt that the start-up model, with small, autonomous teams located in one office led by passionate founders, is the most effective way to achieve remarkable new things (or fail quickly in the effort). So we wondered, What if you could figure out a way to think big (solving big problems by taking advantage of big-company assets such as talent, resources, and technology) while simultaneously acting small (growing “start-ups” built through bottoms-up insights and with the autonomy to move fast)? This think-big-act-small concept was the inspiration for a new program called Area 120. We have always had “20 percent projects,” where Googlers are allowed and encouraged to work on projects of their own choosing. Area 120 gives a select group of Googlers the opportunity to spend 100 percent of their time on 20 percent projects (100 + 20 = 120!)."
"68.009";"How Google Works";"Location 270";"The ethos is always to build the prototype as cheaply as possible, and to worry about scaling only after the prototype fails to fail. This was how Google innovations such as the Street View car got started, and this is the approach the bets take as well."
"68.010";"How Google Works";"Location 301";"To get there, the team has focused almost entirely on 1–2X projects, which have been quite effective. The math works: If you do something 1.3X every quarter, you’ll hit 10X within three years."
"68.011";"How Google Works";"Location 499";"fundamentally shift the playing field in most industries. First, the Internet has made information free, copious, and ubiquitous—practically everything is online. Second, mobile devices and networks have made global reach and continuous connectivity widely available. And third, cloud computing13 has put practically infinite computing power and storage and a host of sophisticated tools and applications at everyone’s disposal, on an inexpensive, pay-as-you-go basis. Today, access to these technologies is still unavailable to much of the world’s population, but it won’t be long before that situation changes and the next five billion people come online."
"68.012";"How Google Works";"Location 561";"Product development has become a faster, more flexible process, where radically better products don’t stand on the shoulders of giants, but on the shoulders of lots of iterations. The basis for success then, and for continual product excellence, is speed."
"68.013";"How Google Works";"Location 574";"The default term today for these employees—the ones working in information-based jobs who, to put it way too simplistically, think for a living—is “knowledge workers.”"
"68.014";"How Google Works";"Location 590";"The primary objective of any business today must be to increase the speed of the product development process and the quality of its output."
"68.015";"How Google Works";"Location 595";"A smart creative has deep technical knowledge in how to use the tools of her trade,21 and plenty of hands-on experience."
"68.016";"How Google Works";"Location 598";"She is an expert in doing. She doesn’t just design concepts, she builds prototypes. She is analytically smart. She is comfortable with data and can use it to make decisions. She also understands its fallacies and is wary of endless analysis. Let data decide, she believes, but don’t let it take over. She is business smart. She sees a direct line from technical expertise to product excellence to business success, and understands the value of all three. She is competitive smart. Her stock-in-trade starts with innovation, but it also includes a lot of work. She is driven to be great, and that doesn’t happen 9-to-5. She is user smart. No matter the industry, she understands her product from the user or consumer’s perspective better than almost anyone."
"68.017";"How Google Works";"Location 606";"A smart creative is a firehose of new ideas that are genuinely new. Her perspective is different from yours or ours. It’s even occasionally different from her own perspective, for a smart creative can play the perspective chameleon when she needs to."
"68.018";"How Google Works";"Location 608";"She is curious creative. She is always questioning, never satisfied with the status quo, seeing problems to solve everywhere and thinking that she is just the person to solve them. She can be overbearing."
"68.019";"How Google Works";"Location 609";"She is risky creative. She is not afraid to fail, because she believes that in failure there is usually something valuable she can salvage. Either that, or she is just so damn confident she knows that even in the event that she does fail, she can pick herself up and get it right the next time around."
"68.020";"How Google Works";"Location 612";"She is self-directed creative. She doesn’t wait to be told what to do and sometimes ignores direction if she doesn’t agree with it. She takes action based on her own initiative, which is considerable."
"68.021";"How Google Works";"Location 613";"She is open creative. She freely collaborates, and judges ideas and analyses on their merits and not their provenance."
"68.022";"How Google Works";"Location 616";"She is thorough creative. She is always on and can recite the details, not because she studies and memorizes, but because she knows them. They are her details. She is communicative creative. She is funny and expresses herself with flair and even charisma, either one-to-one or one-to-many."
"68.023";"How Google Works";"Location 618";"Not every smart creative has all of these characteristics, in fact very few of them do. But they all must possess business savvy, technical knowledge, creative energy, and a hands-on approach to getting things done. Those are the fundamentals."
"68.024";"How Google Works";"Location 668";"Our book is organized to mirror the development stages of a successful, growing business or new venture, which can become a self-perpetuating virtuous cycle, sort of like a snowball rolling down the hill, getting bigger as it picks up momentum. We prescribe a series of steps businesses can follow to attract and motivate smart creatives, each of which propels the business to the next step."
"68.025";"How Google Works";"Location 693";"The principles that we talk about apply to anyone who is trying to start a new venture or initiative, either from scratch or from within an existing organization. They aren’t just for start-ups, and they aren’t just for high-tech businesses. In fact, when skilled leaders can harness all of the great assets of an ongoing organization, that organization can have a far greater impact than a start-up."
"68.026";"How Google Works";"Location 738";"Smart creatives, though, place culture at the top of the list. To be effective, they need to care about the place they work. This is why, when starting a new company or initiative, culture is the most important thing to consider."
"68.027";"How Google Works";"Location 749";"Culture stems from founders, but it is best reflected in the trusted team the founders form to launch their venture. So ask that team: What do we care about? What do we believe? Who do we want to be? How do we want our company to act and make decisions?"
"68.028";"How Google Works";"Location 752";"Most companies neglect this. They become successful, and then decide they need to document their culture."
"68.029";"How Google Works";"Location 780";"What values would you want that bleary-eyed employee to consider? Write them down in a simple, concise way. Then share them, not in posters and guides, but through constant, authentic communications. As former General Electric CEO Jack Welch said in Winning: “No vision is worth the paper it’s printed on unless it is communicated constantly and reinforced with rewards.”"
"68.030";"How Google Works";"Location 832";"Offices should be designed to maximize energy and interactions, not for isolation and status. Smart creatives thrive on interacting with each other. The mixture you get when you cram them together is combustible, so a top priority must be to keep them crowded."
"68.031";"How Google Works";"Location 890";"When it comes to the quality of decision-making, pay level is intrinsically irrelevant and experience is valuable only if it is used to frame a winning argument. Unfortunately, in most companies experience is the winning argument."
"68.032";"How Google Works";"Location 909";"For a meritocracy to work, it needs to engender a culture where there is an “obligation to dissent”.41 If someone thinks there is something wrong with an idea, they must raise that concern. If they don’t, and if the subpar idea wins the day, then they are culpable."
"68.033";"How Google Works";"Location 931";"Smart creatives are different: They prefer a flat organization, less because they want to be closer to the top and more because they want to get things done and need direct access to decision-makers."
"68.034";"How Google Works";"Location 936";"We’ve worked at other companies with a rule of seven, but in all of those cases the rule meant that managers were allowed a maximum of seven direct reports. The Google version suggests that managers have a minimum of seven direct reports"
"68.035";"How Google Works";"Location 979";"Determine which people are having the biggest impact and organize around them. Decide who runs the company not based on function or experience, but by performance and passion."
"68.036";"How Google Works";"Location 990";"At the most senior level, the people with the greatest impact—the ones who are running the company—should be product people. When a CEO looks around her staff meeting, a good rule of thumb is that at least 50 percent of the people at the table should be experts in the company’s products and services and responsible for product development. This will help ensure that the leadership team maintains focus on product excellence."
"68.037";"How Google Works";"Location 1020";"(Tom Peters: “There is no such thing as a minor lapse of integrity.”)"
"68.038";"How Google Works";"Location 1210";"This is why a venture capitalist will always follow the maxim of investing in the team, not the plan. Since the plan is wrong, the people have to be right. Successful teams spot the flaws in their plan and adjust."
"68.039";"How Google Works";"Location 1257";"technical insight is a new way of applying technology or design that either drives down the cost or increases the functions and usability of the product by a significant factor. The result is something that is better than the competition in a fundamental way."
"68.040";"How Google Works";"Location 1263";"This approach can be very effective if you are an incumbent that measures success in percentage points, but not if you are trying a new venture. You will never disrupt an industry or transform your business, and you’ll never get the best smart creatives on board, if your strategy is narrowly based on leveraging your competitive advantage to attack related markets."
"68.041";"How Google Works";"Location 1290";"The best products had achieved their success based on technical factors, not business ones, whereas the less stellar ones lacked technical distinction."
"68.042";"How Google Works";"Location 1311";"of these accessible technologies and data and apply them in an industry to solve an existing problem in a new way."
"68.043";"How Google Works";"Location 1351";"“What is your technical insight?” turns out to be an easy question to ask and a hard one to answer. So for your products, ask the question. If you can’t articulate a good answer, rethink the product."
"68.044";"How Google Works";"Location 1365";"The ecosystem matters a lot. The most successful leaders in the Internet Century will be the ones who understand how to create and quickly grow platforms. A platform is, fundamentally, a set of products and services that bring together groups of users and providers to form multisided markets."
"68.045";"How Google Works";"Location 1429";"Whereas the twentieth century was dominated by monolithic, closed networks, the twenty-first will be driven by global, open ones. There are platform opportunities all around us. The successful leaders are the ones who discover them."
"68.046";"How Google Works";"Location 1471";"With open, you trade control for scale and innovation.83 And trust that your smart creatives will figure it out."
"68.047";"How Google Works";"Location 1526";"Business leaders spend much of their time watching and copying the competition, and when they do finally break away and try something new, they are careful risk-takers, developing only incremental, low-impact changes."
"68.048";"How Google Works";"Location 1531";"If you focus on your competition, you will never deliver anything truly innovative. While you and your competitors are busy fighting over fractions of a market-share point, someone else who doesn’t care will come in and build a new platform that completely changes the game."
"68.049";"How Google Works";"Location 1549";"Start by asking what will be true in five years and work backward. Examine carefully the things you can assert will change quickly, especially factors of production where technology is exponentially driving down cost curves, or platforms that could emerge."
"68.050";"How Google Works";"Location 1616";"This is why we believe that hiring should be peer-based, not hierarchical, with decisions made by committees, and it should be focused on bringing the best possible people into the company, even if their experience might not match one of the open roles."
"68.051";"How Google Works";"Location 1675";"In our experience raw brainpower is the starting point for any exponential thinker. Intelligence is the best indicator of a person’s ability to handle change."
"68.052";"How Google Works";"Location 1678";"Henry Ford said that “anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.”"
"68.053";"How Google Works";"Location 1693";"Favoring specialization over intelligence is exactly wrong, especially in high tech."
"68.054";"How Google Works";"Location 1837";"The most important skill any business person can develop is interviewing. You’ve probably never read that in any management book or heard it in an MBA course."
"68.055";"How Google Works";"Location 2000";"But there is a golden rule to hiring that cannot be violated: The urgency of the role isn’t sufficiently important to compromise quality in hiring. In the inevitable showdown between speed and quality, quality must prevail."
"68.056";"How Google Works";"Location 2047";"There are numerous other cases like this, where smart creatives need or want to do something new and the company figures out a way to make it happen. Do the best thing for the person and make the organization adjust."
"68.057";"How Google Works";"Location 2074";"If they don’t give good answers, then they obviously aren’t ready to go. In that case, we usually advise them to stick around and continue to contribute at the company while they are working on their idea, and tell them that when they actually can convince us to invest, we’ll let them go with our best wishes (if not a check!). This"
"68.058";"How Google Works";"Location 2101";"Google’s Hiring Dos and Don’ts Hire people who are smarter and more knowledgeable than you are. Don’t hire people you can’t learn from or be challenged by. Hire people who will add value to the product and our culture. Don’t hire people who won’t contribute well to both. Hire people who will get things done. Don’t hire people who just think about problems. Hire people who are enthusiastic, self-motivated, and passionate. Don’t hire people who just want a job. Hire people who inspire and work well with others. Don’t hire people who prefer to work alone. Hire people who will grow with your team and with the company. Don’t hire people with narrow skill sets or interests. Hire people who are well rounded, with unique interests and talents. Don’t hire people who only live to work. Hire people who are ethical and who communicate openly. Don’t hire people who are political or manipulative. Hire only when you’ve found a great candidate. Don’t settle for anything less."
"68.059";"How Google Works";"Location 2157";"Here are some simple steps to creating a plan: Think about your ideal job, not today but five years from now. Where do you want to be? What do you want to do? How much do you want to make? Write down the job description: If you saw this job on a website, what would the posting look like? Now fast forward four or five years and assume you are in that job. What does your five-years-from-now résumé look like? What’s the path you took from now to then to get to your best place? Keep thinking about that ideal job, and assess your strengths and weaknesses in light of it. What do you need to improve to get there? This step requires external input, so talk to your manager or peers and get their take on it. Finally, how will you get there? What training do you need? What work experience?"
"68.060";"How Google Works";"Location 2182";"One of the best, easiest ways to get ahead in a field is to know more about it. The best way to do that is to read. People always say they don’t have the time to read, but what they are really saying is that they aren’t making it a priority to learn as much as they can about their business. You know who reads a lot about their business? CEOs. So think like a CEO and read."
"68.061";"How Google Works";"Location 2273";"The answer lies in understanding that when it comes to making decisions, you can’t just focus on making the right one. The process by which you reach the decision, the timing of when you reach it, and the way it is implemented are just as important as the decision itself."
"68.062";"How Google Works";"Location 2337";"People who are presenting a point of view in a meeting shouldn’t need the crutch of slides to present that argument, only to support it. Slides should not be used to run a meeting or argue a point. They should just contain the data, so that everyone has the same facts. If the data is wrong or not relevant, you can’t fix it with fancy slides."
"68.063";"How Google Works";"Location 2365";"As General Patton famously said, “If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn’t thinking.”"
"68.064";"How Google Works";"Location 2381";"As Coach Wooden once said, “Be interested in finding the best way, not in having your own way.”131"
"68.065";"How Google Works";"Location 2393";"Bill got wind of this and ordered a stop to the dillydallying. “Do something,” he told the executive, “even if it’s wrong.” Tom Peters would call Bill’s attitude in this situation a “bias for action,” and his book In Search of Excellence lists it as a top common attribute of the companies he studied.133"
"68.066";"How Google Works";"Location 2541";"When Eric became CEO of Novell in 1997, he got some great advice from Bill Gates: Spend 80 percent of your time on 80 percent of your revenue."
"68.067";"How Google Works";"Location 2615";"Attracting smart creatives and leading them to do amazing things is the key to building a twenty-first-century business, but none of that happens if they aren’t flush with information."
"68.068";"How Google Works";"Location 2617";"The most effective leaders today don’t hoard information, they share it. (Bill Gates in 1999: “Power comes not from knowledge kept but from knowledge shared. A company’s values and reward system should reflect that idea.”)142 Leadership’s purpose is to optimize the flow of information throughout the company, all the time, every day. This is an entirely different skill set."
"68.069";"How Google Works";"Location 2649";"OKRs are another great example of transparency. These are an individual’s Objectives (the strategic goals to accomplish) and Key Results (the way in which progress toward that goal is measured). Every employee updates and posts his OKRs company-wide every quarter, making it easy for anyone to quickly find anyone else’s priorities."
"68.070";"How Google Works";"Location 2725";"Conversation is still the most important and valuable form of communication, but technology and the pace of work often conspire to make it one of the rarest."
"68.071";"How Google Works";"Location 2817";"One of Eric’s most basic rules is sort of a golden rule for management: Make sure you would work for yourself. If you are so bad as a manager that you as a worker would hate working for you, then you have some work to do."
"68.072";"How Google Works";"Location 3040";"For something to be innovative, it needs to be new, surprising, and radically useful."
"68.073";"How Google Works";"Location 3085";"As business managers, we like to manage things. Want something done? Then put someone in charge of it. But innovation stubbornly resists traditional, MBA-style management tactics. Unlike most other things in business, it cannot be owned, mandated, or scheduled."
"68.074";"How Google Works";"Location 3087";"As Udi told us when recounting his Yahoo experience, “Innovative people do not need to be told to do it, they need to be allowed to do it.”"
"68.075";"How Google Works";"Location 3097";"All companies that want to be innovative, which is to say all companies, need to start by creating an environment where the different components of creation are given free rein to collide in new and interesting ways, and then give these new creations the time and freedom to evolve and live, or—much more often—stagnate and die."
"68.076";"How Google Works";"Location 3123";"Hire people who are smart enough to come up with new ideas and crazy enough to think they just might work. You need to find and attract those optimistic people, then give them the place to create change and adventure."
"68.077";"How Google Works";"Location 3149";"This means that we will always do what’s right for the user, and we trust that our smart creatives will figure out how to make money from it. It could take a while, so sticking it out requires a lot of confidence."
"68.078";"How Google Works";"Location 3170";"Focus on the user… and the money will follow."
"68.079";"How Google Works";"Location 3177";"At Google, our users are the people who use our products, while our customers are the companies that buy our advertising and license our technology. There are rarely conflicts between the two, but when there are, our bias is toward the user. It has to be this way, regardless of your industry. Users are more empowered than ever, and won’t tolerate crummy products."
"68.080";"How Google Works";"Location 3214";"For these reasons, thinking big is actually a very powerful tool for attracting and retaining smart creatives. Put it this way: Let’s assume you are a brilliant smart creative just graduating from college. You have two competing job offers, which are virtually identical except for one difference. One of the companies tells you that they like to try to make things 10X better, while the other settles for 10 percent improvement. Which one will you choose?"
"68.081";"How Google Works";"Location 3257";"And there’s one final benefit of an OKR-driven culture: It helps keep people from chasing competitors. Competitors are everywhere in the Internet Century, and chasing them (as we noted earlier) is the fastest path to mediocrity. If employees are focused on a well-conceived set of OKRs, then this isn’t a problem. They know where they need to go and don’t have time to worry about the competition."
"68.082";"How Google Works";"Location 3273";"70/20/10 became our rule for resource allocation: 70 percent of resources dedicated to the core business, 20 percent on emerging, and 10 percent on new."
"68.083";"How Google Works";"Location 3305";"When you want to spur innovation, the worst thing you can do is overfund it. As Frank Lloyd Wright once observed, “The human race built most nobly when limitations were greatest.”182"
"68.084";"How Google Works";"Location 3425";"New ideas are never perfect right out of the chute, and you don’t have time to wait until they get there. Create a product, ship it, see how it does, design and implement improvements, and push it back out. Ship and iterate. The companies that are the fastest at this process will win."
"68.085";"How Google Works";"Location 3483";"To innovate, you must learn to fail well. Learn from your mistakes: Any failed project should yield valuable technical, user, and market insights that can help inform the next effort. Morph ideas, don’t kill them: Most of the world’s great innovations started out with entirely different applications, so when you end a project, look carefully at its components to see how they might be reapplied elsewhere. As Larry says, if you are thinking big enough it is very hard to fail completely. There is usually something very valuable left over."
"68.086";"How Google Works";"Location 3580";"Innovation means change; for incumbents the status quo is a much more comfortable place to be."
"68.087";"How Google Works";"Location 3582";"First, at the corporate level, most innovative new things look like small opportunities to a large company. They are hardly worth the time and effort, especially since their success is far from certain. And at an individual level, people within big companies aren’t rewarded for taking risks, but are penalized for failure. The individual payoff is asymmetrical, so the rational person opts for safety."
"68.088";"How Google Works";"Location 3586";"There is an alternative for incumbents, though: Develop a strategy that takes advantage of platforms to consistently deliver great products. Use that strategy as a foundation to attract a team of smart creatives, then create an environment where they can succeed at scale."
"68.089";"How Google Works";"Location 3626";"(Harvard Business School Professor and business consultant Clayton Christensen: “I keep my attention on the questions I need to ask so I can catch the issues of the future.”)"
"68.090";"How Google Works";"Location 3639";"In ongoing companies there are always hard questions, and they often don’t get asked because there aren’t any good answers and that makes people uncomfortable. But this is precisely why they should be asked—to keep the team uncomfortable. Better for that discomfort to come from friendly fire than from a competitor intent on killing you for real—as"
"68.091";"How Google Works";"Location 3659";"How would a very smart, well-capitalized competitor attack the company’s core business? How could it take advantage of digital platforms to exploit weaknesses or skim off the most profitable customer segments? What is the company doing to disrupt its own business? Is cannibalization or revenue loss a frequent reason to kill off potential innovation? Is there an opportunity to build a platform that can offer increasing returns and value as usage grows?"
"68.092";"How Google Works";"Location 3724";"limitless computing power with which to analyze that data. Infinite data and infinite computing power create an amazing playground for the world’s smart creatives to solve big problems."
"68.093";"How Google Works";"Location 3747";"Thus a virtuous cycle of computer-aided intelligence emerges: Computers push humans to get even better, and humans then program even smarter computers. This is clearly happening in chess; why not in other pursuits?"
"70.001";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Location 64";"In assessing performance, what matters isn’t the absolute rate of return but the return relative to peers and the market. You really only need to know three things to evaluate a CEO’s greatness: the compound annual return to shareholders during his or her tenure and the return over the same period for peer companies and for the broader market (usually measured by the S&P 500)."
"70.002";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Location 81";"When a CEO generates significantly better returns than both his peers and the market, he deserves to be called “great,”"
"70.003";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Location 107";"CEOs need to do two things well to be successful: run their operations efficiently and deploy the cash generated by those operations. Most CEOs (and the management books they write or read) focus on managing operations, which is undeniably important. Singleton, in contrast, gave most of his attention to the latter task."
"70.004";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Location 110";"CEOs have five essential choices for deploying capital—investing in existing operations, acquiring other businesses, issuing dividends, paying down debt, or repurchasing stock—and three alternatives for raising it—tapping internal cash flow, issuing debt, or raising equity."
"70.005";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Location 115";"capital allocation is investment, and as a result all CEOs are both capital allocators and investors. In fact, this role just might be the most important responsibility any CEO"
"70.006";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Location 161";"Call it Singletonville, a very select group of men and women who understood, among other things, that: • Capital allocation is a CEO’s most important job. • What counts in the long run is the increase in per share value, not overall growth or size. • Cash flow, not reported earnings, is what determines longterm value. • Decentralized organizations release entrepreneurial energy and keep both costs and “rancor” down. • Independent thinking is essential to long-term success, and interactions with outside advisers (Wall Street, the press, etc.) can be distracting and time-consuming. • Sometimes the best investment opportunity is your own stock. • With acquisitions, patience is a virtue . . . as is occasional boldness."
"70.007";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Location 176";"The residents of Singletonville, our outsider CEOs, also shared an interesting set of personal characteristics: They were generally frugal (often legendarily so) and humble, analytical, and understated. They were devoted to their families, often leaving the office early to attend school events. They did not typically relish the outward-facing part of the CEO role. They did not give chamber of commerce speeches, and they did not attend Davos. They rarely appeared on the covers of business publications and did not write books of management advice. They were not cheerleaders or marketers or backslappers, and they did not exude charisma."
"70.008";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 3";"As a group, they shared old-fashioned, premodern values including frugality, humility, independence, and an unusual combination of conservatism and boldness. They typically worked out of bare-bones offices (of which they were inordinately proud), generally eschewed perks such as corporate planes, avoided the spotlight wherever possible, and rarely communicated with Wall Street or the business press. They also actively avoided bankers and other advisers, preferring their own counsel and that of a select group around them."
"70.009";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 5";"Foxes, however, also have many attractive qualities, including an ability to make connections across fields and to innovate, and the CEOs in this book were definite foxes. They had familiarity with other companies and industries and disciplines, and this ranginess translated into new perspectives, which in turn helped them to develop new approaches that eventually translated into exceptional results."
"70.010";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 5";"In the 1986 Berkshire Hathaway annual report, Warren Buffett looked back on his first twenty-five years as a CEO and concluded that the most important and surprising lesson from his career to date was the discovery of a mysterious force, the corporate equivalent of teenage peer pressure, that impelled CEOs to imitate the actions of their peers. He dubbed this powerful force the institutional imperative and noted that it was nearly ubiquitous, warning that effective CEOs needed to find some way to tune it out."
"70.011";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 8";"In science, Thomas Kuhn, inventor of the concept of the paradigm shift, found that the greatest discoveries were almost invariably made by newcomers and the very young (think of the middle-aged former printer, Ben Franklin, taming lightning; or Einstein, the twenty-seven-year-old patent clerk, deriving E = mc2)."
"70.012";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 9";"exceptional relative performance demands new thinking, and at the center of the worldview shared by these CEOs was a commitment to rationality, to analyzing the data, to thinking for themselves."
"70.013";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 10";"As a result, the outsiders (who often had complicated balance sheets, active acquisition programs, and high debt levels) believed the key to long-term value creation was to optimize free cash flow, and this emphasis on cash informed all aspects of how they ran their companies—from the way they paid for acquisitions and managed their balance sheets to their accounting policies and compensation systems."
"70.014";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 15";"The formula that allowed Murphy to overtake Paley’s QE2 was deceptively simple: focus on industries with attractive economic characteristics, selectively use leverage to buy occasional large properties, improve operations, pay down debt, and repeat."
"70.015";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 16";"Murphy’s approach to the roll-up was different. He moved slowly, developed real operational expertise, and focused on a small number of large acquisitions that he knew to be high-probability bets. Under Murphy, Capital Cities combined excellence in both operations and capital allocation to an unusual degree. As Murphy told me, “The business of business is a lot of little decisions every day mixed up with a few big decisions.”"
"70.016";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 23";"There is a fundamental humility to decentralization, an admission that headquarters does not have all the answers and that much of the real value is created by local managers in the field."
"70.017";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 27";"In the area of capital allocation, Murphy’s approach was highly differentiated from his peers. He eschewed diversification, paid de minimis dividends, rarely issued stock, made active use of leverage, regularly repurchased shares, and between long periods of inactivity, made the occasional very large acquisition."
"70.018";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 30";"Like others in this book, he relied on simple but powerful rules in evaluating transactions. For Murphy, that benchmark was a double-digit after-tax return over ten years without leverage."
"70.019";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 40";"Conglomerates, companies with many, unrelated business units, were the Internet stocks of their day. Taking advantage of their stratospheric stock prices, they grew by voraciously and often indiscriminately acquiring businesses in a wide range of industries. These purchases initially brought higher profits, which led to still higher stock prices that were then used to buy more companies."
"70.020";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 40";"The conventional wisdom today is that conglomerates are an inefficient form of corporate organization, lacking the agility and focus of “pure play” companies."
"70.021";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 43";"concepts of “integration” and “synergy” and instead emphasized extreme decentralization, breaking the company into its smallest component parts and driving accountability and managerial responsibility as far down into the organization as possible."
"70.022";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 46";"Prior to the early 1970s, stock buybacks were uncommon and controversial. The conventional wisdom was that repurchases signaled a lack of internal investment opportunity, and they were thus regarded by Wall Street as a sign of weakness."
"70.023";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 67";"Most of the CEOs in this book avoided detailed strategic plans, preferring to stay flexible and opportunistic. In contrast, Anders had a very clear and specific strategic vision that called not only for selling weaker divisions but for building up larger ones."
"70.024";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 68";"This single decision underscores a key point across the CEOs in this book: as a group, they were, at their core, rational and pragmatic, agnostic and clear-eyed. They did not have ideology."
"70.025";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 69";"It is hard to overstate how unusual these moves were: in less than three years, Anders had dramatically streamlined operations, sold off over half of his company, generated $5 billion in proceeds, and, rather than redeploying the cash into R&D or new acquisitions, returned most of it to shareholders, using innovative, tax-efficient techniques. Each of these moves was unprecedented in the defense industry and created enormous value for shareholders."
"70.026";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 76";"All human relations, legal, and accounting personnel at headquarters were eliminated or pushed down into the operating divisions, and there was a conscious effort to keep staff involvement in the divisions to a minimum, to prevent headquarters from “screwing around with operating people,” as Chabraja says. Operating managers were held responsible—in Chabraja’s words, “severely accountable”—for hitting their budgets and were left alone if they did so."
"70.027";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 79";"As with Anders’s sale of the company’s F-16 business, Chabraja’s equity sale underscores the important point that the best capital allocators are practical, opportunistic, and flexible. They are not bound by ideology or strategy."
"70.028";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 84";"After Yale, Malone earned master’s and PhD degrees in operations research at Johns Hopkins. His two academic fields, engineering and operations, were highly quantitative and shared a focus on optimization, on minimizing “noise” and maximizing “output.” Indeed, Malone’s entire future career can be thought of as an extended exercise in hyperefficient value engineering, in maximizing output in the form of shareholder value and minimizing noise from other sources, including taxes, overhead, and regulations."
"70.029";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 86";"Prudent cable operators could successfully shelter their cash flow from taxes by using debt to build new systems and by aggressively depreciating the costs of construction. These substantial depreciation charges reduced taxable income as did the interest expense on the debt, with the result that well-run cable companies rarely showed net income, and as a result, rarely paid taxes, despite very healthy cash flows."
"70.030";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 88";"Malone saw himself as an investor and capital allocator, delegating responsibility for day-to-day operations to Sparkman, his longtime lieutenant, who managed the company’s far-flung operations through a rigorous budgeting process. Managers were expected to hit their cash flow budget, and these targets were enforced with an almost military discipline by Sparkman, a former air force officer. Managers in the field had a high degree of autonomy, as long as they hit their numbers. System managers who missed monthly budgets were frequently visited by the itinerant COO, and underperformers were quickly weeded out."
"70.031";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 91";"Terms and concepts such as EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization) were first introduced into the business lexicon by Malone. EBITDA in particular was a radically new concept, going further up the income statement than anyone had gone before to arrive at a pure definition of the cash-generating ability of a business before interest payments, taxes, and depreciation or amortization charges."
"70.032";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 100";"He believed financial leverage had two important attributes: it magnified financial returns, and it helped shelter TCI’s cash flow from taxes through the deductibility of interest payments."
"70.033";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 102";"Interestingly, he didn’t use spreadsheets, preferring instead projects where returns could be justified by simple math. As he once said, “Computers require an immense amount of detail . . . I’m a mathematician, not a programmer. I may be accurate, but I’m not precise.”"
"70.034";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 104";"He was also, however, a value buyer, and he quickly developed a simple rule that became the cornerstone of the company’s acquisition program: only purchase companies if the price translated into a maximum multiple of five times cash flow after the easily quantifiable benefits from programming discounts and overhead elimination had been realized."
"70.035";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 142";"Stiritz believed buyback returns represented a handy benchmark for other internal capital investment decisions, particularly acquisitions. As his longtime lieutenant, Pat Mulcahy, said, “The hurdle we always used for investment decisions was the share repurchase return. If an acquisition, with some certainty, could beat that return, it was worth doing.”3 Conversely, if a potential acquisition’s returns didn’t meaningfully exceed the buyback return, Stiritz passed."
"70.036";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 143";"Stiritz believed that Ralston should only pursue opportunities that presented compelling returns under conservative assumptions, and he disdained the false precision of detailed financial models, focusing instead on a handful of key variables: market growth, competition, potential operating improvements, and, always, cash generation. As he told me, “I really only cared about the key assumptions going into the model. First, I wanted to know about the underlying trends in the market: its growth and competitive dynamics.”"
"70.037";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 143";"Again, Stiritz’s approach (similar to those of Tom Murphy, John Malone, Katharine Graham, and others) featured a single sheet of paper and an intense focus on key assumptions, not a forty-page set of projections."
"70.038";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 178";"Charlie Munger has said that the secret to Berkshire’s longterm success has been its ability to “generate funds at 3 percent and invest them at 13 percent,” and this consistent ability to create low-cost funds for investment has been an underappreciated contributor to the company’s financial success.1 Remarkably, Buffett has almost entirely eschewed debt and equity issuances—virtually all of Berkshire’s investment capital has been generated internally."
"70.039";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 182";"A critical part of capital allocation, one that receives less attention than more glamorous activities like acquisitions, is deciding which businesses are no longer deserving of future investment due to low returns. The outsider CEOs were generally ruthless in closing or selling businesses with poor future prospects and concentrating their capital on business units whose returns met their internal targets. As Buffett said when he finally closed Berkshire’s textile business in 1985, “Should you find yourself in a chronically leaking boat, energy devoted to changing vessels is likely to be more productive than energy devoted to patching leaks.”6"
"70.040";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 184";"Buffett believes that exceptional returns come from concentrated portfolios, that excellent investment ideas are rare, and he has repeatedly told students that their investing results would improve if at the beginning of their careers, they were handed a twenty-hole punch card representing the total number of investments they could make in their investing lifetimes. As he summarized in the 1993 annual report, “We believe that a policy of portfolio concentration may well decrease risk if it raises, as it should, both the intensity with which an investor thinks about a business and the comfort level he must feel with its economic characteristics before buying into it.”8"
"70.041";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 197";"You are right not because others agree with you, but because your facts and reasoning are sound. —Benjamin Graham"
"70.042";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 200";"The outsider CEOs always started by asking what the return was. Every investment project generates a return, and the math is really just fifth-grade arithmetic, but these CEOs did it consistently, used conservative assumptions, and only went forward with projects that offered compelling returns. They focused on the key assumptions, did not believe in overly detailed spreadsheets, and performed the analysis themselves, not relying on subordinates or advisers."
"70.043";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 200";"The outsider CEOs believed that the value of financial projections was determined by the quality of the assumptions, not by the number of pages in the presentation, and many developed succinct, single-page analytical templates that focused employees on key variables."
"70.044";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 202";"The outsider CEOs were also distinctly unpromotional and spent considerably less time on investor relations than their peers. They did not offer earnings guidance or participate in Wall Street conferences. As a group, they were not extroverted or overly charismatic."
"70.045";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 204";"These executives were capital surgeons, consistently directing available capital toward the most efficient, highest-returning projects. Over long periods of time, this discipline had an enormous impact on shareholder value through the steady accretion of value-enhancing decisions and (equally important) the avoidance of value-destroying ones."
"70.046";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 207";"in their zigging, they followed a virtually identical blueprint: they disdained dividends, made disciplined (occasionally large) acquisitions, used leverage selectively, bought back a lot of stock, minimized taxes, ran decentralized organizations, and focused on cash flow over reported net income."
"70.047";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 210";"The good news is that you don’t need to be a marketing or technical genius or a charismatic visionary to be a highly effective CEO. You do, however, need to understand capital allocation and to think carefully about how to best deploy your company’s resources to create value for shareholders. You have to be willing to always ask what the return is and to go forward only with projects that offer attractive returns using conservative assumptions. And you have to have the confidence to occasionally do things differently from your peers."
"70.048";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 218";"1. The allocation process should be CEO led, not delegated to finance or business development personnel. 2. Start by determining the hurdle rate—the minimum acceptable return for investment projects (one of the most important decisions any CEO makes). Comment: Hurdle rates should be determined in reference to the set of opportunities available to the company, and should generally exceed the blended cost of equity and debt capital (usually in the midteens or higher). 3. Calculate returns for all internal and external investment alternatives, and rank them by return and risk (calculations do not need to be perfectly precise). Use conservative assumptions. Comment: Projects with higher risk (such as acquisitions) should require higher returns. Be very wary of the adjective strategic—it is often corporate code for low returns. 4. Calculate the return for stock repurchases. Require that acquisition returns meaningfully exceed this benchmark. Comment: While stock buybacks were a significant source of value creation for these outsider CEOs, they are not a panacea. Repurchases can also destroy value if they are made at exorbitant prices. 5. Focus on after-tax returns, and run all transactions by tax counsel. 6. Determine acceptable, conservative cash and debt levels, and run the company to stay within them. 7. Consider a decentralized organizational model. (What is the ratio of people at corporate headquarters to total employees—how does this compare to your peer group?) 8. Retain capital in the business only if you have confidence you can generate returns over time that are above your hurdle rate. 9. If you do not have potential high-return investment projects, consider paying a dividend. Be aware, however, that dividend decisions can be hard to reverse and that dividends can be tax inefficient. 10. When prices are extremely high, it’s OK to consider selling businesses or stock. It’s also OK to close under-performing business units if they are no longer capable of generating acceptable returns."
"70.049";"The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional Ceos and their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success";"Page 225";"Warren Buffett has proposed a simple test of capital allocation ability: has a CEO created at least a dollar of value for every dollar of retained earnings over the course of his tenure? Buffett’s metric captures in a single number the collective wisdom and folly of decision-making"
"61.001";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 3";"I hope to enrich the vocabulary that people use when they talk about the judgments and choices of others, the company’s new policies, or a colleague’s investment decisions."
"61.002";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 4";"So this is my aim for watercooler conversations: improve the ability to identify and understand errors of judgment and choice, in others and eventually in ourselves, by providing a richer and more precise language to discuss them."
"61.003";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 8";"People tend to assess the relative importance of issues by the ease with which they are retrieved from memory—and this is largely determined by the extent of coverage in the media."
"61.004";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 10";"My main aim here is to present a view of how the mind works that draws on recent developments in cognitive and social psychology. One of the more important developments is that we now understand the marvels as well as the flaws of intuitive thought."
"61.005";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 12";"This is the essence of intuitive heuristics: when faced with a difficult question, we often answer an easier one instead, usually without noticing the substitution."
"61.006";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 20";"System 1 operates automatically and quickly, with little or no effort and no sense of voluntary control."
"61.007";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 21";"System 2 allocates attention to the effortful mental activities that demand it, including complex computations. The operations of System 2 are often associated with the subjective experience of agency, choice, and concentration."
"61.008";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 22";"The highly diverse operations of System 2 have one feature in common: they require attention and are disrupted when attention is drawn away."
"61.009";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 23";"You can do several things at once, but only if they are easy and undemanding."
"61.010";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 24";"The gorilla study illustrates two important facts about our minds: we can be blind to the obvious, and we are also blind to our blindness."
"61.011";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 25";"In summary, most of what you (your System 2) think and do originates in your System 1, but System 2 takes over when things get difficult, and it normally has the last word."
"61.012";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 26";"One of the tasks of System 2 is to overcome the impulses of System 1. In other words, System 2 is in charge of self-control."
"61.013";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 28";"The best we can do is a compromise: learn to recognize situations in which mistakes are likely and try harder to avoid significant mistakes when the stakes are high. The premise of this book is that it is easier to recognize other people’s mistakes than our own."
"61.014";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 32";"One of Hess’s findings especially captured my attention. He had noticed that the pupils are sensitive indicators of mental effort—they dilate substantially when people multiply two-digit numbers, and they dilate more if the problems are hard than if they are easy."
"61.015";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 34";"the pupil was a good measure of the physical arousal that accompanies mental effort, and we could go ahead and use it to understand how the mind works."
"61.016";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 34";"Much like the electricity meter outside your house or apartment, the pupils offer an index of the current rate at which mental energy is used. The analogy goes deep. Your use of electricity depends on what you choose to do, whether to light a room or toast a piece of bread. When you turn on a bulb or a toaster, it draws the energy"
"61.017";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 45";"many people are overconfident, prone to place too much faith in their intuitions. They apparently find cognitive effort at least mildly unpleasant and avoid it as much as possible."
"61.018";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 45";"problem."
"61.019";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 46";"Intelligence is not only the ability to reason; it is also the ability to find relevant material in memory and to deploy attention when needed."
"61.020";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 47";"the children who had shown more self-control as four-year-olds had substantially higher scores on tests of intelligence."
"61.021";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 48";"System 1 is impulsive and intuitive; System 2 is capable of reasoning, and it is cautious, but at least for some people it is also lazy."
"61.022";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 51";"associative activation: ideas that have been evoked trigger many other ideas, in a spreading cascade of activity in your brain."
"61.023";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 52";"you know far less about yourself than you feel you do."
"61.024";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 52";"We call this a priming effect and say that the idea of EAT primes the idea of SOUP, and that WASH primes SOAP."
"61.025";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 53";"This remarkable priming phenomenon—the influencing of an action by the idea—is known as the ideomotor effect."
"61.026";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 55";"The general theme of these findings is that the idea of money primes individualism: a reluctance to be involved with others, to depend on others, or to accept demands from others. The psychologist who has done this remarkable research, Kathleen"
"61.027";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 62";"Anything that makes it easier for the associative machine to run smoothly will also bias beliefs. A reliable way to make people believe in falsehoods is frequent repetition, because familiarity is not easily distinguished from truth."
"61.028";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 69";"A good mood is a signal that things are generally going well, the environment is safe, and it is all right to let one’s guard down. A bad mood indicates that things are not going very well, there may be a threat, and vigilance is required. Cognitive ease is both a cause and a consequence of a pleasant feeling. The Remote"
"61.029";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 80";"floating on rivers, and you resolved the ambiguity accordingly. When uncertain, System 1 bets on an answer, and the bets are guided by experience. The rules of the betting are intelligent: recent events and the current context have the most weight in determining an interpretation."
"61.030";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 80";"System 1 does not keep track of alternatives that it rejects, or even of the fact that there were alternatives. Conscious doubt is not in the repertoire of System 1; it requires maintaining incompatible interpretations in mind at the same time, which demands mental effort. Uncertainty and doubt are the domain of System"
"61.031";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 85";"The principle of independent judgments (and decorrelated errors) has immediate applications for the conduct of meetings, an activity in which executives in organizations spend a great deal of their working days. A simple rule can help: before an issue is discussed, all members of the committee should be asked to write a very brief summary of their position. This procedure makes good use of the value of the diversity of knowledge and opinion in the group. The standard practice of open discussion gives too much weight to the opinions of those who speak early and assertively, causing others to line up behind"
"61.032";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 88";"Framing effects: Different ways of presenting the same information often evoke different emotions. The statement that “the odds of survival one month after surgery are 90%” is more reassuring than the equivalent statement that “mortality within one month of surgery is 10%.” Similarly,"
"61.033";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 105";"Characteristics of System 1 generates impressions, feelings, and inclinations; when endorsed by System 2 these become beliefs, attitudes, and intentions operates automatically and quickly, with little or no effort, and no sense of voluntary control can be programmed by System 2 to mobilize attention when a particular pattern is detected (search) executes skilled responses and generates skilled intuitions, after adequate training creates a coherent pattern of activated ideas in associative memory links a sense of cognitive ease to illusions of truth, pleasant feelings, and reduced vigilance distinguishes the surprising from the normal infers and invents causes and intentions"
"61.034";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 114";"The strong bias toward believing that small samples closely resemble the population from which they are drawn is also part of a larger story: we are prone to exaggerate the consistency and coherence of what we see."
"61.035";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 118";"the law of small numbers is part of two larger stories about the workings of the mind. The exaggerated faith in small samples is only one example of a more general illusion—we pay more attention to the content of messages than to information about their reliability, and as a result end up with a view of the world around us that is simpler and more coherent than the data justify. Jumping to conclusions is a safer sport in the world of our imagination than it is in reality. Statistics produce many observations that appear to beg for causal explanations but do not lend themselves to such explanations. Many facts of the world are due to chance, including accidents of sampling. Causal explanations of chance events are inevitably wrong."
"61.036";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 119";"The phenomenon we were studying is so common and so important in the everyday world that you should know its name: it is an anchoring effect. It occurs when people consider a particular value for an unknown quantity before estimating that quantity."
"61.037";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 120";"Two different mechanisms produce anchoring effects—one for each system. There is a form of anchoring that occurs in a deliberate process of adjustment, an operation of System 2. And there is anchoring that occurs by a priming effect, an automatic manifestation of System 1."
"61.038";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 120";"Amos liked the idea of an adjust-and-anchor heuristic as a strategy for estimating uncertain quantities: start from an anchoring number, assess whether it is too high or too low, and gradually adjust your estimate by mentally “moving” from the anchor. The adjustment typically ends prematurely, because people stop when they are no longer certain that they should move farther."
"61.039";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 125";"The conclusion is clear: anchors do not have their effects because people believe they are informative."
"61.040";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 126";"My advice to students when I taught negotiations was that if you think the other side has made an outrageous proposal, you should not come back with an equally outrageous counteroffer, creating a gap that will be difficult to bridge in further negotiations. Instead you should make a scene, storm out or threaten to do so, and make it clear—to yourself as well as to the other side—that you will not continue the negotiation with that number on the table."
"61.041";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 127";"In general, a strategy of deliberately “thinking the opposite” may be a good defense against anchoring effects, because it negates the biased recruitment of thoughts that produces these effects."
"61.042";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 129";"We defined the availability heuristic as the process of judging frequency by “the ease with which instances come to mind.”"
"61.043";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 130";"The availability heuristic, like other heuristics of judgment, substitutes one question for another: you wish to estimate the size of a category or the frequency of an event, but you report an impression of the ease with which instances come to mind."
"61.044";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 135";"The conclusion is that the ease with which instances come to mind is a System 1 heuristic, which is replaced by a focus on content when System 2 is more engaged."
"61.045";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 136";"“Because of the coincidence of two planes crashing last month, she now prefers to take the train. That’s silly. The risk hasn’t really changed; it is an availability bias.”"
"61.046";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 136";"“The CEO has had several successes in a row, so failure doesn’t come easily to her mind. The availability bias is making her overconfident.”"
"61.047";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 138";"The lesson is clear: estimates of causes of death are warped by media coverage."
"61.048";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 138";"The world in our heads is not a precise replica of reality; our expectations about the frequency of events are distorted by the prevalence and emotional intensity of the messages to which we are exposed."
"61.049";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 139";"The affect heuristic is an instance of substitution, in which the answer to an easy question (How do I feel about it?) serves as an answer to a much harder question (What do I think about it?)."
"61.050";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 141";"“Risk” does not exist “out there,” independent of our minds and culture, waiting to be measured. Human beings have invented the concept of “risk” to help them understand and cope with the dangers and uncertainties of life. Although these dangers are real, there is no such thing as “real risk” or “objective risk.”"
"61.051";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 143";"The Alar tale illustrates a basic limitation in the ability of our mind to deal with small risks: we either ignore them altogether or give them far too much weight—nothing in between."
"61.052";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 145";"“This is an availability cascade: a nonevent that is inflated by the media and the public until it fills our TV screens and becomes all anyone is talking about.”"
"61.053";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 150";"People who are asked to assess probability are not stumped, because they do not try to judge probability as statisticians and philosophers use the word. A question about probability or likelihood activates a mental shotgun, evoking answers to easier questions."
"61.054";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 153";"You surely understand in principle that worthless information should not be treated differently from a complete lack of information, but WYSIATI makes it very difficult to apply that principle."
"61.055";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 153";"There is one thing you can do when you have doubts about the quality of the evidence: let your judgments of probability stay close to the base rate."
"61.056";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 154";"Anchor your judgment of the probability of an outcome on a plausible base rate. Question the diagnosticity of your evidence."
"61.057";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 159";"The most representative outcomes combine with the personality description to produce the most coherent stories. The most coherent stories are not necessarily the most probable, but they are plausible, and the notions of coherence, plausibility, and probability are easily confused by the unwary."
"61.058";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 160";"This is a trap for forecasters and their clients: adding detail to scenarios makes them more persuasive, but less likely to come true."
"61.059";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 162";"The solution to the puzzle appears to be that a question phrased as “how many?” makes you think of individuals, but the same question phrased as “what percentage?” does not. What"
"61.060";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 168";"Statistical base rates are facts about a population to which a case belongs, but they are not relevant to the individual case. Causal base rates change your view of how the individual case came to be."
"61.061";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 168";"Statistical base rates are generally underweighted, and sometimes neglected altogether, when specific information about the case at hand is available. Causal base rates are treated as information about the individual case and are easily combined with other case-specific information."
"61.062";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 170";"System 1 can deal with stories in which the elements are causally linked, but it is weak in statistical reasoning."
"61.063";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 171";"The experiment shows that individuals feel relieved of responsibility when they know that others have heard the same request for help."
"61.064";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 173";"When we teach our students about the behavior of people in the helping experiment, we expect them to learn something they had not known before; we wish to change how they think about people’s behavior in a particular situation."
"61.065";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 174";"Subjects’ unwillingness to deduce the particular from the general was matched only by their willingness to infer the general from the particular."
"61.066";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 174";"People who are taught surprising statistical facts about human behavior may be impressed to the point of telling their friends about what they have heard, but this does not mean that their understanding of the world has really changed."
"61.067";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 176";"I had stumbled onto a significant fact of the human condition: the feedback to which life exposes us is perverse. Because we tend to be nice to other people when they please us and nasty when they do not, we are statistically punished for being nice and rewarded for being nasty."
"61.068";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 182";"If the correlation between the intelligence of spouses is less than perfect (and if men and women on average do not differ in intelligence), then it is a mathematical inevitability that highly intelligent women will be married to husbands who are on average less intelligent than they are (and vice versa, of course). The observed regression to the mean cannot be more interesting or more explainable than the imperfect correlation."
"61.069";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 184";"“She says experience has taught her that criticism is more effective than praise. What she doesn’t understand is that it’s all due to regression to the mean.”"
"61.070";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 192";"This procedure is an approximation of the likely results of an appropriate statistical analysis. If successful, it will move you toward unbiased predictions, reasonable assessments of probability, and moderate predictions of numerical outcomes. The two procedures are intended to address the same bias: intuitive predictions tend to be overconfident and overly extreme."
"61.071";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 193";"Perhaps the most valuable contribution of the corrective procedures I propose is that they will require you to think about how much you know."
"61.072";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 195";"“Our intuitive prediction is very favorable, but it is probably too high. Let’s take into account the strength of our evidence and regress the prediction toward the mean.”"
"61.073";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 202";"A general limitation of the human mind is its imperfect ability to reconstruct past states of knowledge, or beliefs that have changed. Once you adopt a new view of the world (or of any part of it), you immediately lose much of your ability to recall what you used to believe before your mind changed."
"61.074";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 202";"Your inability to reconstruct past beliefs will inevitably cause you to underestimate the extent to which you were surprised by past events."
"61.075";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 203";"Hindsight bias has pernicious effects on the evaluations of decision makers. It leads observers to assess the quality of a decision not by whether the process was sound but by whether its outcome was good or bad."
"61.076";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 207";"The basic message of Built to Last and other similar books is that good managerial practices can be identified and that good practices will be rewarded by good results. Both messages are overstated. The comparison of firms that have been more or less successful is to a significant extent a comparison between firms that have been more or less lucky. Knowing the importance of luck, you should be particularly suspicious when highly consistent patterns emerge from the comparison of successful and less successful firms. In the presence of randomness, regular patterns can only be mirages."
"61.077";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 208";"“The mistake appears obvious, but it is just hindsight. You could not have known in advance.”"
"61.078";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 208";"“She has no evidence for saying that the firm is badly managed. All she knows is that its stock has gone down. This is an outcome bias, part hindsight and part halo effect.”"
"61.079";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 208";"“Let’s not fall for the outcome bias. This was a stupid decision even though it worked out well.”"
"61.080";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 216";"The illusion of skill is not only an individual aberration; it is deeply ingrained in the culture of the industry. Facts that challenge such basic assumptions—and thereby threaten people’s livelihood and self-esteem—are simply not absorbed. The mind does not digest them."
"61.081";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 219";"Those who know more forecast very slightly better than those who know less. But those with the most knowledge are often less reliable. The reason is that the person who acquires more knowledge develops an enhanced illusion of her skill and becomes unrealistically overconfident."
"61.082";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 219";"Tetlock also found that experts resisted admitting that they had been wrong, and when they were compelled to admit error, they had a large collection of excuses: they had been wrong only in their timing, an unforeseeable event had intervened, or they had been wrong but for the right reasons. Experts are just human in the end. They are dazzled by their own brilliance and hate to be wrong."
"61.083";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 220";"Foxes, by contrast, are complex thinkers. They don’t believe that one big thing drives the march of history (for example, they are unlikely to accept the view that Ronald Reagan single-handedly ended the cold war by standing tall against the Soviet Union). Instead the foxes recognize that reality emerges from the interactions of many different agents and forces, including blind luck, often producing large and unpredictable outcomes."
"61.084";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 220";"The first lesson is that errors of prediction are inevitable because the world is unpredictable. The second is that high subjective confidence is not to be trusted as an indicator of accuracy (low confidence could be more informative)."
"61.085";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 221";"“She has a coherent story that explains all she knows, and the coherence makes her feel good.”"
"61.086";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 221";"“She is a hedgehog. She has a theory that explains everything, and it gives her the illusion that she understands the world.”"
"61.087";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 221";"“The question is not whether these experts are well trained. It is whether their world is predictable.”"
"61.088";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 224";"Another reason for the inferiority of expert judgment is that humans are incorrigibly inconsistent in making summary judgments of complex information."
"61.089";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 225";"Formulas do not suffer from such problems. Given the same input, they always return the same answer. When predictability is poor—which it is in most of the studies reviewed by Meehl and his followers—inconsistency is destructive of any predictive validity."
"61.090";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 225";"The research suggests a surprising conclusion: to maximize predictive accuracy, final decisions should be left to formulas, especially in low-validity environments."
"61.091";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 228";"The problem is that the correct judgments involve short-term predictions in the context of the therapeutic interview, a skill in which therapists may have years of practice. The tasks at which they fail typically require long-term predictions about the patient’s future. These are much more difficult, even the best formulas do only modestly well, and they are also tasks that the clinicians have never had the opportunity to learn properly"
"61.092";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 232";"significant difference in the quality of the people you hire. To avoid halo effects, you must collect the information on one trait at a time, scoring each before you move on to the next one. Do not skip around. To evaluate each candidate, add up the six scores. Because you are in charge of the final decision, you should not do a “close your eyes."
"61.093";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 233";"“Whenever we can replace human judgment by a formula, we should at least consider it."
"61.094";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 237";"“The situation has provided a cue; this cue has given the expert access to information stored in memory, and the information provides the answer. Intuition is nothing more and nothing less than recognition."
"61.095";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 239";"Klein and I eventually agreed on an important principle: the confidence that people have in their intuitions is not a reliable guide to their validity. In other words, do not trust anyone—including yourself—to tell you how much you should trust their judgment."
"61.096";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 240";"When do they display an illusion of validity? The answer comes from the two basic conditions for acquiring a skill: an environment that is sufficiently regular to be predictable an opportunity to learn these regularities through prolonged practice When both these conditions are satisfied, intuitions are likely to be skilled."
"61.097";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 241";"The situations that face a harbor pilot maneuvering large ships are no less regular, but skill is much more difficult to acquire by sheer experience because of the long delay between actions and their noticeable outcomes. Whether professionals have a chance to develop intuitive expertise depends essentially on the quality and speed of feedback, as well as on sufficient opportunity to practice."
"61.098";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 244";"“She is very confident in her decision, but subjective confidence is a poor index of the accuracy of a judgment."
"61.099";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 250";"Amos and I coined the term planning fallacy to describe plans and forecasts that are unrealistically close to best-case scenarios could be improved by consulting the statistics of similar cases"
"61.100";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 251";"The renowned Danish planning expert Bent Flyvbjerg, now at Oxford University, offered a forceful summary: The prevalent tendency to underweight or ignore distributional information is perhaps the major source of error in forecasting. Planners should therefore make every effort to frame the forecasting problem so as to facilitate utilizing all the distributional information that is available."
"61.101";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 251";"The treatment for the planning fallacy has now acquired a technical name, reference class forecasting"
"61.102";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 252";"When forecasting the outcomes of risky projects, executives too easily fall victim to the planning fallacy. In its grip, they make decisions based on delusional optimism rather than on a rational weighting of gains, losses, and probabilities. They overestimate benefits and underestimate costs. They spin scenarios of success while overlooking the potential for mistakes and miscalculations. As a result, they pursue initiatives that are unlikely to come in on budget or on time or to deliver the expected returns—or even to be completed."
"61.103";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 254";"“She is the victim of a planning fallacy. She’s assuming a best-case scenario, but there are too many different ways for the plan to fail, and she cannot foresee them all."
"61.104";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 255";"Most of us view the world as more benign than it really is, our own attributes as more favorable than they truly are, and the goals we adopt as more achievable than they are likely to be. We also tend to exaggerate our ability to forecast the future, which fosters optimistic overconfidence."
"61.105";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 259";"We focus on our goal, anchor on our plan, and neglect relevant base rates, exposing ourselves to the planning fallacy."
"61.106";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 259";"We focus on what we want to do and can do, neglecting the plans and skills of others."
"61.107";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 259";"Both in explaining the past and in predicting the future, we focus on the causal role of skill and neglect the role of luck. We are therefore prone to an illusion of control."
"61.108";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 259";"We focus on what we know and neglect what we do not know, which makes us overly confident in our beliefs."
"61.109";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 260";"The upshot is that people tend to be overly optimistic about their relative standing on any activity in which they do moderately well."
"61.110";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 262";"Overconfidence is another manifestation of WYSIATI: when we estimate a quantity, we rely on information that comes to mind and construct a coherent story in which the estimate makes sense. Allowing for the information that does not come to mind—perhaps because one never knew it—is impossible."
"61.111";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 263";"Experts who acknowledge the full extent of their ignorance may expect to be replaced by more confident competitors, who are better able to gain the trust of clients. An unbiased appreciation of uncertainty is a cornerstone of rationality—but it is not what people and organizations want. Extreme uncertainty is paralyzing under dangerous circumstances, and the admission that one is merely guessing is especially unacceptable when the stakes are high. Acting on pretended knowledge is often the preferred solution."
"61.112";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 264";"He labels his proposal the premortem. The procedure is simple: when the organization has almost come to an important decision but has not formally committed itself, Klein proposes gathering for a brief session a group of individuals who are knowledgeable about the decision. The premise of the session is a short speech: “Imagine that we are a year into the future. We implemented the plan as it now exists. The outcome was a disaster. Please take 5 to 10 minutes to write a brief history of that disaster.”"
"61.113";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 264";"The premortem has two main advantages: it overcomes the groupthink that affects many teams once a decision appears to have been made, and it unleashes the imagination of knowledgeable individuals in a much-needed direction."
"61.114";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 275";"The happiness that Jack and Jill experience is determined by the recent change in their wealth, relative to the different states of wealth that define their reference points (1 million for Jack, 9 million for Jill)."
"61.115";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 276";"The mystery is how a conception of the utility of outcomes that is vulnerable to such obvious counterexamples survived for so long. I can explain it only by a weakness of the scholarly mind that I have often observed in myself. I call it theory-induced blindness: once you have accepted a theory and used it as a tool in your thinking, it is extraordinarily difficult to notice its flaws. If you come upon an observation that does not seem to fit the model, you assume that there must be a perfectly good explanation that you are somehow missing. You give the theory the benefit of the doubt, trusting the community of experts who have accepted it."
"61.116";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 281";"In Bernoulli’s theory you need to know only the state of wealth to determine its utility, but in prospect theory you also need to know the reference state. Prospect theory is therefore more complex than utility theory."
"61.117";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 284";"You can measure the extent of your aversion to losses by asking yourself a question: What is the smallest gain that I need to balance an equal chance to lose $100? For many people the answer is about $200, twice as much as the loss. The “loss aversion ratio” has been estimated in several experiments and is usually in the range of 1.5 to 2.5. This is an average, of course; some people are much more loss averse than others."
"61.118";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 285";"In the mixed case, the possible loss looms twice as large as the possible gain, as you can see by comparing the slopes of the value function for losses and gains. In the bad case, the bending of the value curve (diminishing sensitivity) causes risk seeking. The pain of losing $900 is more than 90% of the pain of losing $1,000. These two insights are the essence of prospect theory."
"61.119";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 287";"Prospect theory cannot cope with this fact, because it does not allow the value of an outcome (in this case, winning nothing) to change when it is highly unlikely, or when the alternative is very valuable. In simple words, prospect theory cannot deal with disappointment. Disappointment and the anticipation of disappointment are real, however, and the failure to acknowledge them is as obvious a flow as the counterexamples that I invoked to criticize Bernoulli’s theory."
"61.120";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 288";"Prospect theory was accepted by many scholars not because it is “true” but because the concepts that it added to utility theory, notably the reference point and loss aversion, were worth the trouble; they yielded new predictions that turned out to be true. We were lucky."
"61.121";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 290";"Some version of this figure has appeared in every economics textbook written in the last hundred years, and many millions of students have stared at it. Few have noticed what is missing. Here again, the power and elegance of a theoretical model have blinded students and scholars to a serious deficiency. What is missing from the figure is an indication of the individual’s current income and leisure."
"61.122";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 292";"Loss aversion implies only that choices are strongly biased in favor of the reference situation (and generally biased to favor small rather than large changes)."
"61.123";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 293";"Prospect theory suggested that the willingness to buy or sell the bottle depends on the reference point—whether or not the professor owns the bottle now. If he owns it, he considers the pain of giving up the bottle. If he does not own it, he considers the pleasure of getting the bottle."
"61.124";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 296";"The only difference is in the emotion of the moment. The high price that Sellers set reflects the reluctance to give up an object that they already own, a reluctance that can be seen in babies who hold on fiercely to a toy and show great agitation when it is taken away. Loss aversion is built into the automatic evaluations of System"
"61.125";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 296";"The ratio is very close to the loss aversion coefficient in risky choice, as we might expect if the same value function for gains and losses of money is applied to both riskless and risky decisions. A ratio of about 2:1 has appeared in studies of diverse economic domains, including the response of households to price changes. As economists would predict, customers tend to increase their purchases of eggs, orange juice, or fish when prices drop and to reduce their purchases when prices rise; however, in contrast to the predictions of economic theory, the effect of price increases (losses relative to the reference price) is about twice as large as the effect of gains."
"61.126";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 297";"The fundamental ideas of prospect theory are that reference points exist, and that losses loom larger than corresponding gains."
"61.127";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 297";"No endowment effect is expected when owners view their goods as carriers of value for future exchanges, a widespread attitude in routine commerce and in financial markets."
"61.128";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 302";"The psychologist Paul Rozin, an expert on disgust, observed that a single cockroach will completely wreck the appeal of a bowl of cherries, but a cherry will do nothing at all for a bowl of cockroaches. As he points out, the negative trumps the positive in many ways, and loss aversion is one of many manifestations of a broad negativity dominance."
"61.129";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 303";"Whether the putt was easy or hard, at every distance from the hole, the players were more successful when putting for par than for a birdie."
"61.130";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 306";"can. A basic rule of fairness, we found, is that the exploitation of market power to impose losses on others is unacceptable."
"61.131";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 311";"The large impact of 0 5% illustrates the possibility effect, which causes highly unlikely outcomes to be weighted disproportionately more than they “deserve.” People who buy lottery tickets in vast amounts show themselves willing to pay much more than expected value for very small chances to win a large prize."
"61.132";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 311";"The improvement from 95% to 100% is another qualitative change that has a large impact, the certainty effect. Outcomes that are almost certain are given less weight than their probability justifies."
"61.133";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 312";"Overweighting of small probabilities increases the attractiveness of both gambles and insurance policies."
"61.134";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 312";"The conclusion is straightforward: the decision weights that people assign to outcomes are not identical to the probabilities of these outcomes, contrary to the expectation principle. Improbable outcomes are overweighted—this is the possibility effect. Outcomes that are almost certain are underweighted relative to actual certainty. The expectation principle, by which values are weighted by their probability, is poor psychology."
"61.135";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 321";"Consistent overweighting of improbable outcomes—a feature of intuitive decision making—eventually leads to inferior outcomes."
"61.136";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 324";"People overestimate the probabilities of unlikely events. People overweight unlikely events in their decisions."
"61.137";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 325";"The probability of a rare event is most likely to be overestimated when the alternative is not fully specified."
"61.138";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 329";"As predicted by denominator neglect, low-probability events are much more heavily weighted when described in terms of relative frequencies (how many) than when stated in more abstract terms of “chances,” “risk,” or “probability” (how likely). As we have seen, System 1 is much better at dealing with individuals than categories."
"61.139";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 333";"“Tsunamis are very rare even in Japan, but the image is so vivid and compelling that tourists are bound to overestimate their probability.”"
"61.140";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 333";"“We shouldn’t focus on a single scenario, or we will overestimate its probability. Let’s set up specific alternatives and make the probabilities add up to 100%.”"
"61.141";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 335";"This is generally true: every simple choice formulated in terms of gains and losses can be deconstructed in innumerable ways into a combination of choices, yielding preferences that are likely to be inconsistent."
"61.142";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 336";"Because we are susceptible to WYSIATI and averse to mental effort, we tend to make decisions as problems arise, even when we are specifically instructed to consider them jointly. We have neither the inclination nor the mental resources to enforce consistency on our preferences, and our preferences are not magically set to be coherent, as they are in the rational-agent model."
"61.143";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 340";"Decision makers who are prone to narrow framing construct a preference every time they face a risky choice. They would do better by having a risk policy that they routinely apply whenever a relevant problem arises. Familiar examples of risk policies are “always take the highest possible deductible when purchasing insurance” and “never buy extended warranties.” A risk policy is a broad frame."
"61.144";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 341";"“Each of our executives is loss averse in his or her domain. That’s perfectly natural, but the result is that the organization is not taking enough risk."
"61.145";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 343";"The Econs of the rational-agent model do not resort to mental accounting: they have a comprehensive view of outcomes and are driven by external incentives. For Humans, mental accounts are a form of narrow framing; they keep things under control and manageable by a finite mind."
"61.146";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 349";"Losses are weighted about twice as much as gains in several contexts: choice between gambles, the endowment effect, and reactions to price changes. The loss-aversion coefficient is much higher in some situations. In particular, you may be more loss averse for aspects of your life that are more important than money, such as health. Furthermore, your reluctance to “sell” important endowments increases dramatically when doing so might make you responsible for an awful outcome."
"61.147";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 374";"“They will feel better about what happened if they manage to frame the outcome in terms of how much money they kept rather than how much they lost.”"
"61.148";"Thinking, Fast and Slow";"Page 374";"“Let’s reframe the problem by changing the reference point. Imagine we did not own it; how much would we think it is worth?”"
"72.001";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 3";"The math-powered applications powering the data economy were based on choices made by fallible human beings. Some of these choices were no doubt made with the best intentions. Nevertheless, many of these models encoded human prejudice, misunderstanding, and bias into the software systems that increasingly managed our lives."
"72.002";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 14";"Big Data has plenty of evangelists, but I’m not one of them. This book will focus sharply in the other direction, on the damage inflicted by WMDs and the injustice they perpetuate. We will explore harmful examples that affect people at critical life moments: going to college, borrowing money, getting sentenced to prison, or finding and holding a job. All of these life domains are increasingly controlled by secret models wielding arbitrary punishments."
"72.003";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 18";"A model, after all, is nothing more than an abstract representation of some process, be it a baseball game, an oil company’s supply chain, a foreign government’s actions, or a movie theater’s attendance."
"72.004";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 20";"To create a model, then, we make choices about what’s important enough to include, simplifying the world into a toy version that can be easily understood and from which we can infer important facts and actions. We expect it to handle only one job and accept that it will occasionally act like a clueless machine, one with enormous blind spots."
"72.005";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 21";"Our own values and desires influence our choices, from the data we choose to collect to the questions we ask. Models are opinions embedded in mathematics. Whether or not a"
"72.006";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 31";"So to sum up, these are the three elements of a WMD: Opacity, Scale, and Damage."
"72.007";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 46";"The refusal to acknowledge risk runs deep in finance. The culture of Wall Street is defined by its traders, and risk is something they actively seek to underestimate."
"72.008";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 52";"The journalists at U.S. News, though, were grappling with “educational excellence,” a much squishier value than the cost of corn or the micrograms of protein in each kernel. They had no direct way to quantify how a four-year process affected one single student, much less tens of millions of them. They couldn’t measure learning, happiness, confidence, friendships, or other aspects of a student’s four-year experience."
"72.009";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 54";"The U.S. News college ranking has great scale, inflicts widespread damage, and generates an almost endless spiral of destructive feedback loops. While it’s not as opaque as many other models, it is still a bona fide WMD."
"72.010";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 55";"However, when you create a model from proxies, it is far simpler for people to game it. This is because proxies are easier to manipulate than the complicated reality they represent."
"72.011";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 74";"The data scientists start off with a Bayesian approach, which in statistics is pretty close to plain vanilla. The point of Bayesian analysis is to rank the variables with the most impact on the desired outcome. Search advertising, TV, billboards, and other promotions would each be measured as a function of their effectiveness per dollar. Each develops a different probability, which is expressed as a value, or a weight."
"72.012";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 74";"huh?"
"72.013";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 164";"Now, with the evolution of data science and networked computers, insurance is facing fundamental change. With ever more information available—including the data from our genomes, the patterns of our sleep, exercise, and diet, and the proficiency of our driving—insurers will increasingly calculate risk for the individual and free themselves from the generalities of the larger pool."
"72.014";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 171";"As insurance companies learn more about us, they’ll be able to pinpoint those who appear to be the riskiest customers and then either drive their rates to the stratosphere or, where legal, deny them coverage. This is a far cry from insurance’s original purpose, which is to help society balance its risk. In a targeted world, we no longer pay the average. Instead, we’re saddled with anticipated costs. Instead of smoothing out life’s bumps, insurance companies will demand payment for those bumps in advance. This undermines the point of insurance, and the hits will fall especially hard on those who can least afford them."
"72.015";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 198";"In this march through a virtual lifetime, we’ve visited school and college, the courts and the workplace, even the voting booth. Along the way, we’ve witnessed the destruction caused by WMDs. Promising efficiency and fairness, they distort higher education, drive up debt, spur mass incarceration, pummel the poor at nearly every juncture, and undermine democracy. It might seem like the logical response is to disarm these weapons, one by one."
"72.016";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 198";"Our national motto, E Pluribus Unum, means “Out of Many, One.” But WMDs reverse the equation. Working in darkness, they carve one into many, while hiding us from the harms they inflict upon our neighbors near and far. And those harms are legion."
"72.017";"Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy";"Page 198";"How do we start to regulate the mathematical models that run more and more of our lives? I would suggest that the process begin with the modelers themselves. Like doctors, data scientists should pledge a Hippocratic Oath, one that focuses on the possible misuses and misinterpretations of their models. Following the market crash of 2008, two financial engineers, Emanuel Derman and Paul Wilmott, drew up such an oath. It reads: ~ I will remember that I didn’t make the world, and it doesn’t satisfy my equations. ~ Though I will use models boldly to estimate value, I will not be overly impressed by mathematics. ~ I will never sacrifice reality for elegance without explaining why I have done so. ~ Nor will I give the people who use my model false comfort about its accuracy. Instead, I will make explicit its assumptions and oversights. ~ I understand that my work may have enormous effects on society and the economy, many of them beyond my comprehension."
